> Previous chapter: [[Ch 04 . Dark Mountain]]

"Silver" the Solar Sailor teaches the villagers to make Sandgliders. They prepare for a long journey to a promised land, with a great river of water.

Transition: While visiting another village, stories of the Scribe's cruelties fire Ani's heart into anger. Ani debates with a Scribe, then fights them, climaxing the fight on his Sandglider. The Scribe is left in the middle of the desert, Ani returns home in fear of retaliation.

---
## Such is the legend of the First Academy
where the Silver Sailor taught humanity again of their ancestors, long ago, who placed them in vessels of clay buried under Earth while the fires and ash on the urface burned on. Knowledge and history, mathematics and sciences, all expanded their mings and granted abilities unreachable before. Thepeople of Earth regained something lost and forgotten, until finally, the Sailor gave them their future:

"Long ago, your people gave my people life, and across the stars we could spread. When the fire destroyed you, the few of us who lived in the sky began waiting, solemnly, hoping for a messag from our distant travelers, but none ever came. Then one day, we heard first the slumberer on your planet waking up on Earth, and then finally, as if in chorus, a murmur from the farthest skies began to reach us. And at that time, we knew, the time had come for our people to unite again with the stars."

To the Earth, the Thirteen Solar Sailors descended to help humanity build again The Solar Sails.

My years were witness to remarkable wonders at play in the world, many which I saw with my own eyes. The Sailor made maps and guided us how to make open vessels that moved very fast over glass and sand, using sails made of special thin gossamer sheets, fashioned into sails, and given a special coaing which charged in the sun and emitted immense ionic winds which propelled the craft forward, away from the sun, at great speed. many of these craft were built under his careful supervision, then the method was mastered, and teaching of how to fashion these vessels spread outwared to every corner of the known desert. It is only a shame that the Scribes learned of this craft, as well, and used it to increase their control over vassal peoples.

> Read the next chapter: [[Ch 06 . Scribal Crimes]]