> Previous chapter: [[Ch 03 . Coming of Age]]

Years later, Ani dreams of a dark mountain where the Silver Sailor's voice faintly calls his name. He awakens as the Scribes take him to that dark mountain. He meets the Sailor, learns that his village is free, and the Sailor will teach them how to make solar sails to return to their star family.

Transition: the Sailor orders the Scribes to let them go. Reluctantly, the Scribes return them to Ani's village. 

---

In the first years of my adulthood, I dreamt only once of the Silver Sailor, though endless waking hours I spent wearily trying to conjure dreams like those of my youth. In that dream, the Silor called out to me, quietly, from beneath a mountain far away. But, obligations and the inability to travel as a way if seeing visions led me to life with a family and craft among my peers, and lifetavelled on for me.

Until, the Scribes came again to our village, asking for me.

My children all entered their youth, but my oldest was nearing adulthood, when the Scribes had me bound and taken from my home, as was their boorish custom. To the mountain from my dream I was taken, a many day's travel across sand, glass, and dark canyons where no life could bear to live. In the heart of that mountain, through gilded tunnels, I was taken to The Hall of the Star Man.

There, the Sailor laid out like royalty in a cage, his barge reassembled with streaks of yellow metal filling the cracks. Down from a throne of equal brilliance the Sailor stepped, coming toward me to shake my arm and hand, as in my dreams so long ago. The sun shone above, by some trick of open stone, and he beckoned me to sit on a hillock o flowers that grew in the light. 
He told me many things: of falling to Earth on that fatefyl night, and while the other Sailors took aim for the place I refused to travel to, taking aim instead for my homeland. 

"These people, the Scribes... you told me about them, long ago. Cruel and overzealous, oppressing your village and the others. They rule from this mountain, but they are wicked and cannot be trusted. They've learned everything I've consented to teach them, but no farther will I instruct them until they set your people free. I have chosen your people to receive my highest knowledge. With their permission, in your village I will build a school, open to all, wherein I can share knowledge that will help us all, for this planet is doomed to fall closer to the Sun than any life can sustain. And out there, among the stars, dwell your ancestors, and mine..."

# Speaker for the Machine
"The Adani who can see through the eyes of an Echo, such as you, are called "Speakers for the Machine", and act as a bridge between our worlds. Most Echoes are well-versed in every language, old and new, spoken across all the Adanic worlds. However, very few of the Adani have the gift of sharing inner visions with the Echoes. That is a rare gift, indeed."

> Read the next chapter: [[Ch 05 . Sandgliders]]