Ani recounts his childhood dreams as he sits in a dry riverbed and looks at the stars.

Transition: The Silver Sailor falls from the sky

---

I looked into the sky tonight and saw it clear: a strand of shining silver shot across the starry sky. It was only visible for the length of a breath, but once I had seen it, I knew my dreams had been real.

Every night, until that very night, I would dream vividly of stepping out from my sleeping body. Every night in that dream state, I'd walk out of my family's cave, throw my arms up in the air, and jump up with all my might. A brief moment of uncertainty would often grip me, especially when I was older, but ss long as I stayed focused, I'd climb high into the lower skies, far beneath the starry dome. There I would fly, looking down on the endless desert below me stretching in all directions, and explore as far as my heart would content. 

But there was one day, when I was still quite young, that I started to hear the most interesting sound from above me. 

At first I wondered if the stars themselves were speaking. I turned upward, looking for its source. Just beneath the bright midnight moon, I saw a silver streak moving fast across the sky. 

Turning toward it and pulling with that inner force of dreams, I set the very tip of that silver streak as my destination. And quickly, I was pulled out from the lower sky, into the orbit of our mighty planet.  

"The Silver Sailor", I used to call the silver man in my dreams. 

In the deep of that night's sky, I first saw the great golden sails jutting out from a ship made of radiant metals. I bent my mind toward it, and quickly found my feet on its uppermost deck. Looking down across its smooth, cornerless bends, at the prow of this brilliant creation, I saw a man of silver metal, standing proudly, looking right at me. 

He was perfection of the human form, sculpted like a statue, with brilliant arms and powerful legs, a face with black eyes, but no mouth. 

The sight of him on that first night cast a terror in my Spirit, and quickly I tried to escape the barge, casting off its edge, and found myself reeling in vast empty space, unable to control my flight. Rolling, tumbling, I'd catch glimpses of the barge and its sailor moving farther away from me each time I spun round, until finally, one final glimpse of his piercing black eyes sent a shiver through my spine, and I awoke in my bed to the cold chill of sweat-soaked clothes.

WIP
---


He was steering ever forward, at incredible speed, toward the Sun which rose quickly ahead. Many times following, in the dreams I would have in the years of my youth, I would sometimes come to him in the deepest hours of his night, and find him still and as motionless as stone. The sun would always find him, bringing him back to life, when his sailing journey began anew.
In my ten years from young ceremony to adult initiation, the Sailor started speaking to me.
What he would say, at first, made no sense to me. Sound produces shapes and phenomena that changed the dream by his mysterious voice as he uttered words unlike any I'd ever heard before. until finally, I started speaking to him, and slowly my words were returned to me, increasing in meaning and clarity, in every single dream.
Eventually we spoke in sentences, then paragraphs, novels, and aeons, for dreams can last aeons, and have, until everything I learned became picture complete: the Earth's first blossoms in the past before the past, the oceans bearing spirits made flesh by the sea, the land-walkers, great monsters, then mankind sculpting all with their purpose, then burning it with glorious anger. 
We sat together on his barge nd looked down on the Earth and the skies below were set ablaze with many flowers of fire, then endless hours following of blackness and ash clouds, olts of purple lightning, and stillness.  I saw the patience, unending patience, on the face of the Sailor as we looked down on the past he could not forget. 
The dark gave way to the light, an Earth painted by sand, and glass.
When adulthood approached me, dreams were a luxury not always earned, but sometimes too I would sit on that barge when my eyes were closed too long, and those were the visits most vivid.
Now, tonight he told me, the eve before I become a man, he would sail overhead, and I'd see his barge with my own eyes...

And now, having seen the silver streak above, now I know that I must do what he told me to do.

> Read the next chapter: [[Ch 02 . Silver Sailor]]