> Previous chapter: [[Ch 01 . Ani's Dreams]]

The Sailor's fall makes a crater in The Glass Flats. Ani waits with the Sailor until daybreak, when the villagers, and The Scribes, come to investigate the "fallen star".

Transition: Ani is pushed out from the crater. 

---

"Others have spoken to me, and others like me who sail in the sky. You must go to them, where all of them meet, in a place faraway."

"Leave my home, I am beckoned? I cannot do that! They need me, I need them."

The Sailor, he spoke in that calm, crystal voice: "A quest, this is not. A need, for all of your people to live through the long night to come, that is what is upon you."

But travel, I did not, and on that night, I watched seven of his promised thirteen sailors cast across the sky in fire and gossamer strands of blue light, all going to the place he appointed, where waited the other promised speakers.

I, left behind, choosing family over future, But then, what happened was beyond what ever I could have dreamed would be possible: The Silver Sailor came to me from the sky.

A fire of white-hot intensity fell to Earth, just beside the ravine where I sat that night. I heard the shattering impact of glass braking in waves, felt the impact of rattling stones. Rushing, scrambling, over mount and ridge, I came to a crater that smoldered in the glass flats, an eye upon the scorched Earth, with one tiny pupil of glittering silver. 
Down to the wreckage I climbed, and there, though broken and twisted from the fall, lay The Silver Sailor, the companion of my dreams.

Kis skin was just as cold and dense as when I had shaken his hand in greeting each nightm but oddly more liquid and supple than any metal I'd ever touched. But the light in his eyes was missing. 
"He sleeps," I thought loudly, breaking the night. "But I must take him to the narby cave where naught but i know how to reack." But too heavy was his body, too massive the barge and unsuited for sailing on glass. Resolved, I sat beside him, waiting for daybreak. As sun began to rise, the people of my village arrived, just before the Scribes and their thugs.

Before sun could touch his skin, cloth was thrown atop him, and out I was thrown from he crater. It wouldn't be for a dozen years I would see him again with my eyes, so protected was he from the people of the world.

> Read the next chapter: [[Ch 03 . Coming of Age]]