> Previous chapter: [[Ch 08 . Journey]]

The travelers journey up the river and see many wonders. 

Transition: They see The Holy Mountain, and Aja, The Marble City.

---
# Journey Across Ajeiajeia, The Riverlands, Last Home to the Adani

When we finally arrived, we were greeted by friendly people living peacefully under many flags and tongues, working amicably toward a great reunion with the other peoples scattered out across the Earth, with the goal of uniting them all in this valley, in pursuit of the stars above, again. 
To The Holy Mountain, and its marble city Aja, we were taken on an exquisite tour of he riverland by the Sailor himself. He knew the river well, already, by sharing mind with the fellow Echoes that had lived there now so long.
First we entered a barge designed for watercraft, sails of gold being rippled by the gentle sun. From the mouth of The Southern Grasslands, we ventured upstream on the many-day journey to Ajja. Up the long river we went, where banks on either side were reds and hues of pink, devoid of life. That same day, we reached a small village built into the rockfaces; cave dwellers, like most of us, whose homes were readymade when out they crawled from their Time Vaults, just like we did. They base us welcome, but onward we sailed. "Many such communities lie between us and The Holy Mountain, and our journey is fire. To tarry is to folly." Still, in the City of Uru, its grand caveworks and building of teetering brick gave me pause and wonder, and it is there we rested for our first night. The following day, we traveled until we reached Edanei, Lightvein. Twilight was upon us when the veins of solar rock were beginning to darken, and the city softly glowed with what was left from basking in the glowing sun the day before. Here we rested through the night, while the caves grew steadily darker through the night. I eagerly rose to meet the sunrise, when the whole cave erupted in hues of bright gold and yellow, sky fire made power in stone all around us.
We set sail shortly after. Long we went through caves made bright by laid lines of solar sand, until finally, near midday, we emerged into a breathtaking sight: emerald green stretching out around us, lilies bending in gentle winds, marcshlands stretches to all sides, and ahead a great lake, and beyond it rose a great mountain, where falling waters glittered in the sunlight, making many pool which climbed up its surface, and a city of margle and gold spread around Her foothills. She was breathtaking, and remains so ever after this, my first visit to The Holy City of Aja. Though its great temples, academies, and palaces had not yet risen, the city glowed at both day and night with such ease on the eyes, it seemed descended directly from the stars.
None could have told us that day that the mountain would dry up when our daughters had daughters who grew to be elders, before our Great Work could be finished, before we could ever complete our vessels to reach the stars... and the wars of that terrible time would bring ruin to us all.

> Read the next chapter: [[Ch 10 . Sky Sailors]]