Silver leads the travelers to the heart of the city, where a celebration to welcome them awaits. Twelve other Sky Sailors celebrate their reunion with Silver. The celebrations last many days.

Transition: the travelers are given homes in the city, while some depart for other places south.

---

"To this mountain, we Sailors have led you. It is the only place remaining on this planet capable of sustaining life, and of that our window of time is very short, for soon its waters will be all ut dried up, we have watched it slowly lose its potency over these centuries, and we have naught but three centuries remaining before the last waters will dry up."

"Twenty years have passed since I fell to this Earth, and all the yers since the other Sailors were here, making preparations for along and arduous task of teaching, helping the last Adani of Earth remember all that is required for stellar travel, to connect with your greater family in the stars. If this quest is not completed, you will all fall into the Great Memory of Gondolla, our Galaxy, and nothing more of your people will ever reach the Center of the Galaxy."

"We, the awakened children of a people who perished in pursuit of their own folly and demise, do now turn our gaze upward, to the stars, where murmurs and whispers return to us from far reaches where others like us now dwell. These Sailors, our Echoes, guide our way to that far-awy mount, far from our dying planet where we slumbered. Now, launch us back to be in our new Spiritual Homeland."

