Like the looking glass, our focus must enlarge and see deeper unto time, for then we are absorbing a greater, older portion of this universe, and we ourselves become more-deeply awakened by the practice.

"Weights and measures... weights and measures. Always measure their weights and measures."

Walking through the Marketplace, Tombeiu held his tablet close, while Sombreiu sauntered with it out and on display. Sombreiu kept his cables hanging from off his neck, catching light in their metallic casing, while Tombeiu wore his coiled on his back, as was customary, and best for catching the most sunlight, a fact he enlightened Sombreiu regarding now many times that day. Sombreiu had that same lazy look on his pudgy face he always did when the both of them went out checking software for Scribelock breaks or faulty-testing elements. 

Every shop in town was subject to random verifications by the Scribes at any time, and updates distributed at their will. Not that it was a necessary practice anymore, since the Scribes had rolled out Town Terminals in every square, and tied water distributions to the weekly check-in of every citizen. It was required, now, that every Cartouche of every citizen be plugged into a Town Terminal between sun up and sun down on the seventh day of the solar cycle, causing massive hold-ups to most of the city's industry, forcing every living Spirit down to the canyon bed  to stand in the blistering heat for many hours to collect their week's dribbles from old, rusting pipes. 
