# Ani
Ani was born to a farmer father, who long ago forsook the technological items around his farm in order to farm the land with his own, bare hands.

‘You see this one here? This leaf has a blight. If you look over there, you can see it again. And over there, too.”

Ani looked at the leaf closely. It was covered in pollops and boils. “I can look on the Library to find out how to cure it.”

“Oh, no. Your heart is in the right place, my boy, but it’s important that we look for other sources of wisdom, besides the Library. If you spent as much time as I have out here, getting to know these plants, you’d have learned that the blight comes every couple of years, right about the same time as the insect swarms begin. Those insects are hungry devils, and they’ll raze our crop to the ground if we don’t prepare for their coming. In a way, the blight always tells me that they’re on the way. We’ll have to squeeze a bushel of lemons tonight, and cover the fields with it tomorrow. Let’s get picking.”

In this way, Ani learned to regard the natural world with clear eyes which did not see through the lens of the Library. His father, and by proxy himself, were very out-of-place in the heyday of the times, which was still riding high on tales from the previous centuries; tales of adventures into the sky, accompanied by beings of living-metal and life-electric, to uncharted lands across vast open seas of emptiness and void. They clung to the inventions of a long-gone age like the last vestiges of a dying time, so few now lived who understood how to keep them online. The Library, the most treasured of inventions, was failing even more every day; its servers, deep underground, tunnels and rows seldom-seen by living beings, many thus forgotten about. Many of its nodes had gone missing after the Data Crash, leaving errors and dead-ends where once the lifeblood of humanity had been poured, so trusted were the machines which now crumbled, the remnants of a society now departed to the stars, taking the keenest minds along with.

Thus it was that in Ani’s sixteenth year, the Echoes returned to the Earth, and settled on the banks of the River, and opened the gates of their mighty vessel for any to enter, and discuss with them the happenings of the universe beyond the Earth.

“How much time has passed?”

”The Migration to the Stars begun four hundred and ninety-seven years past, to the day, by coincidence. Our calendar Celestial marks today as Day Zero, Year Four-Nine-Seven.”