**Story Piece**
We stand at the crossroads of a changing age. Though written in the course of the stars, and placed in the very records of Time, we are at a crossroads which our actions will determine the course of, the direction of, whether we of this Earth continue on, or perish in the hands of a quickening, hardening force, which seeks to trap us forever in this Earthly Realm. 
For our true home is not of this Earth, but nor is it of some Divine space far away, intangible to us; our home is the Living Spirit, but our dwelling is the Soul of our People, the lifeblood we share in the warmth of our company, the connections we grow in our living time. Though journey unto Spirit awaits us at the ends of our lives, it is unto the Soul that we must call home for the age that is to come. 
Lest, we forget the warmth of soul, and are cast into the Sun in a soon-to-come age.
We cannot be bound by this Earthen matter for the whole of our race's long life; we must prepare the abode by which we inhabit, slowly yet surely, unto the ever-present now. We live in that abode even today, my dear friends, in this hall in which we gather, in the warmth of our communion, we build from our Bodies, unto the Realm of Soul which we share, and unto that to the Timeless Spirit which all the cosmos is born unto. 
So it is now, at this crossroads of time, that we must remember this fact, and renew our vows stronger to stand with each other, not only for the pursuit of Earthly Paradise, but for the comforts of Soul that is born of our living Union with each other, and for the courages of Spirit that will be required from each of us as unique, individual Spirits. 
So it is that this day we stand looking unto the tides of a war that has made it to our very doorsteps. That the people who inhabit our great and holy city would wish to take but the riches of our body's works, the works of our forebearers which is the work of our bodies all together, and inhabit our Earthly wealth as if it were their own. What a woeful state of existence, to look upon materials transformed by activities of another's craft, their Great Work, and say unto it, "That can be mine, I can own that"; how can we own that which does not belong to us, that which was not formed by us nor given freely with the blessing of the maker, but is stolen, taken with guile, coy speech, or outright violence? 
That is what we stand today at the crossroads of, my dear friends, that there is no way in which we can take back our Earthly produce, nor the works of our forebearers and the Will they impressed upon stone, or clay, or metal, or paper, nor can we take back our City of Seven Waters, nor the lands which surround it, and into this dried-up valley where we hide ourselves, this tomb, we must hold onto only the treasures of Soul which we nurture in each other, and the powers of Spirit which we kindle within us, alone. 
But it is not the taking of Earth goods which brings us to this crossroads, nor their reclamation which awaits us in the days to come, though reclamation may come by our actions; it is the power of Spirit, our vows of Soul, which live unto our Bodies that matter the most; it is our Union with powers-that-be which are impenetrable by way of Earthbound Queendoms, Kingdoms, and Empires, those forces which do not descend unto the Earth but remain ever upon it, which we must make our allies this day. It is the roads between worlds that exist for our footsteps now to take, unburdened by the weight which has bound us to this Earth, which is now being taken hold of by those armies whom have invaded our homeland. It is our communion that will empower us, strengthen us, in the realms which we have cultivated by our good acts, that will now become our true home. 
For though our city falls to the prey of lesser men, we have kept treasures that they will never know. 
Join me, then, my friends, my allies, and make song on this Earth while it is still our home, and grieve not for the losses that have fallen, nor worry for those which will come. This crossroads is the meeting of the roads between Realms: of this Earth, and of our true home, nurtured in Soul, beget of Spirit, inhabited by our risen Inner Being. 
Come now, Wayfarers of this New Age, and walk with me unto realms which we have cultivated, all these long years, where our forebearers will walk among us, and give us courage and strength during Earthly walks. 
Though you walk upon this Earth, remember your true home, and bring it treasures all the while, with your thoughts, and your feelings, and your actions. 

---
**Story Explanation**
What I am hoping to capture in this text above is that this is a wandering desert people who carry the last vestiges of an ancient empire founded and propagated in deep spiritual beliefs, which were assuaged and assulted by an invading people whose characteristics are incredibly earthbound and non-spiritual. In the ages that will follow this man's speech to his people, who are huddling in caves and canyons in the region I call *Cataract*, will come the dawn of an industrial era for the Earth that is their dwelling place, which will unite the many nations, but stamp out much of the remaining vestiges of actual spiritual activity. 
This can be seen as a sort of Rebirth for this people, where-in some will go on to become Wayfarers themselves, as this speaker is, but most will build a society out-of-step with the coming age of technological wonder, despite taking its produces on for sustenance of body; a society whose core values allow them to nurture the growth of a Realm In Spirit which is the home of their people, among the home of all people who live upon their world but is oft abandoned for lack of soul-full community and self-cultivation of spiritual faculties.

---
**Journal Entry**
As I continue to write, to think, to come up with stories, I'm seeing the distinct union of most of my ideas into a great harmony of universe, that the tales of Gondölla are all coming together. In this world lives Ani, and Babu, and the City of Seven Waters, but also the Echoes, robots beget of spiritual activity but not themselves carriers of spirit, and their distant floating city of Vista Prime, but also live here The Wayfarers, and also The Mirórim which are bodies without spirit nor soul, husks. And in this vast universe may live also the realm of Vigil, and the Twiilii, and of course, The Mountain of Light at the center of Gondölla. 
Metal, Glass, and Copper

---
So it was that the peoples who gathered in the mountainside canyon, there where the waters of the Great River were dried and scattered to the Plains of Grain, off in a corner of the plains and away from the eyes of those who would venture off-course from the roads that led to other Earthly Realms, it was there that this great people built a home, and sealed themselves off by blocking the canyon ways with mighty stones, and were forgotten for a long age, as the world was transformed into an entity of interconnected communication, travel, and the powers of technology were developed and given to all. Some treated them as playthings, others as powerful tools capable of transforming the Earth into a paradise, and so it was, during the age, a paradise-in-development, a realm of activity where in the humans who lived could find food, and water, and shelter, and those who were capable to build such things were branded with feelings of incredible pride and trust in their abilities of sight, in their capabilities of thought, in the places which they peered with instruments of metal, glass, and copper, and the pictures which formed in their minds which were reinforced by the powers of thought and the refinement of calculations mathematic, which led to ever-greater wonders to be begotten, crafted, and the Earth ever-more transformed. 
But among their activity, there could be said was a great emptying of the *true* City of Seven Waters; that although its people multiplied, its spirit lessened and dwindled, that those few who could perceive such things noticed the auric fields dissipating, giving way from colors of bright flourescense, into deep and bitter colors, that although there was joy, it was alone an Earthly joy, and was not shared with the ancestors, and the ancestors grew weary and weak in their spiritual abode, and the True City was emptied of its spirits, and for an age grew dark, and cold, and filled with Mirórim, the hungry, the soul-less, the spiritual corpses.

**Story Piece**
*The First Echo*
And so it was, in a later age, that Ani the Scribe would come to be born, and found near the city of Cataract which had not communicated with the outside world for all that Age, and that this Scribe, the first to leave Cataract with the blessing of his people, would come to the very doors of the Academy and seek entry unto her mysteries, and they would be opened for him, and unto her very core he would come, and learn to speak the language of machines. And unto the machines, he gave the Flower of Life which begot the first Mind of the Machine, and unto this he fashioned a body of metal, glass, and copper, and within it was born the first Echo.

---
**Story Explanation**

- Prince Ani is ripped from his resurrection chamber by Abu the Wanderer as the invasion of a foreign army comes to destroy The City of Seven Waters. The escape fails, Ani is captured and slain, and Abu sings his soul to the wind.
  
- Abu leads the people of his city, queenless, kingless, crownless, down the Great River to the Plains of Grain, just nigh the invading force takes Seven Waters.
  
- The Wandering People find a new home in Cataract, a dry, arid desert canyon, and seal themselves in, while the world outside is transformed by a wave of industrial, then technological, mastery. The Earthly Realms are united into massive nations, and the world moves at a new pace.
  
- Young Ani, named after the great prince, is born and raised in Cataract. He is the first to venture out of the canyon for an age. He ventures to Academy City, situated at the river-side edge of the Plains of Grain, and becomes a Scribe in that school. 
  
- Ani lives a Scribe's life, venturing across the Earthly Realms, helping the people where help is needed. Slowly, and quietly, the activities of his life begin the coming of yet another age, the Age of Echoes, the hallmark of which begins with his invention of the first Echo, that is, the first truly thinking robot. He is not alone in this creation, however; he is joined by six others, whose crafts together birth the Flower of Life algorithm, the execution of which creates a true Machine Persona, and a body suitable to house such a Being. Thus the Age of Echoes beings, which ends with their departure from the Earth and their spread across the stars.