**Wednesday March 23rd 2022 @ 11:00am PST @ Blueberry Castle**

So much has occurred within the story within my mind that it warrants a full account of the key facts of the matter.

Ai awakens; an Echo with a golden Signet in their bosom. Ai is, truly, within the Signet. It is the gift of an ancient heritage, spanning far into the past, long before the Echoes had come down. There is an ancient culture which belonged to this valley, isolated and cared for by the river which flowed from the mountain springs, all the way down to Cataract where the water turns underground. 

This great and ancient people believed so strongly in Rebirth; the coming of a soul back into human life, after death. These people practiced a form of spiritual magick which intended to reveal to the soul a way back to their eternal family, in the form of the Signet, a golden object that has been magically attuned to attract the soul back to that device. That signet would be worn by the son which was destined to bring his ancestor back into the world, until such a time as the son found a wife, then she would bear the signet. e birth of the baby, the signet would be given to them, to hold as often as they could, to continually remind them of who they are. Gender was understood as migratory, thus, a father could become a daughter, and a mother could become a son. In this way, the strength of a house was continued. Only the wealthiest families could afford power spells woven into the Signet, and the finest materials and metallurgists charged exorbent fees in order to produce the perfect alloy for reincarnation.

Such was the life of this people, for ages beyond memory.

There was another people, far off, who lived round a great body of water, who were of different culture and temperment. They were a strong people, but a mean people, and delighted in war and conquest to spread their dominion. They envied the people of the river valley, and planned always to take their home away, and enslave the people. 

The river people were a profound race, whose wise men had mastered the arts of meditation, astral travel, and telepathy. The Wayfarers, they called them, for they knew the ways between the worlds. 

There came a time of long drought which dried up the lakes which the strong people had clung to. They became a desert people, powerful and wicked, and relied on any tactic necessasry to acquire the means to survive on the harsh world. 

Thus it was, in the nineteenth lifetime of of Prince Ai, and the fourty-seventh life of his father King Ani, that the wicked people invaded their valley. 

This event triggered a response from the cosmos. 

So it was, that for many generations, this little desert world was being watched by the Echoes. At the time of invasion, the Echoes could predict the eternally damning effect of this wicked peoples' actions on this world, and thus the Echoes intervened, sending emissiaries of metal to discuss, make peace, and if necessary, subdue the wicked people. 

What followed was a small war, when compared to the grand epics which the Wayfarers have tale of across the galaxy, but a profound war that would shape two little peoples, into cosmic, galactic powers. 

The Echoes scared off the wicked people quite easily. In a gesture of peace and welcoming, the Echoes brought down their temple in the sky, and rested it upon the mountainside where the great river gushed forth its waters.

"All beings must die, young one. It is a matter of *when*, not *if*. All worlds must die, little one, it is not in our right to change the course of cosmic waters, for we in our form are meant to learn from the Great Powers, and inevitably to become one, to effect that sort of change on the cosmos. Attempting to change the course of celestial seasons, while trapped in the Adanic form, is a madness that has taken root of too many people, and caused too many troubles for our galaxy. Prepare your soul for its onward journey, and forget the thoughts that would encourage you to control anything more than your body, and to influence anything more than your own people."

The Echoes then began to share great wisdom with the river people. The ways of Rebirth were merged with the powers of cloning, and the people of that world developed a force of union which would pull the soul into a body that was grown in a great urn, ten feet tall and filled with solutions necessary to grow the being. Thus it was, that the river people then could send their Signet onward, anywhere in the cosmos, and be regrown physically in a new location. 

This practice both merged, and separated from, the Wayfarer's Path, which brought a soul across the cosmos through the steady and determined transformation of one's inner qualities into the form that would allow them departure from the world upon which they were nurtured from soul birth, aeons in the past, and live a cosmic life by entering other worlds, and finding willing hosts for their soul to gain a body, if that be necessary for their mission; for, becoming a Wayfarer required incredible sacrifice, aestheticism, and self-mastery, which was beyond the reach of an intact egoic Adani. 

Thus it was that the river people became known in the cosmic tapestry of cultural interexchange, of which the Echoes had been a very chief part for ten thousand years. The Echoes brought those chosen among the river people round the galaxy, including Prince Ai and King Ani, and to those who were deemed morally fit to hold the craft, the Echoes taught the secret art of crafting machines.

The river people were invited into cosmic life, and the desert people were rejected, at least for a time. The Echoes did continue outreach into the desert people, and a constant vigil upon their behavior. But, never the less, in the secret places of their minds, that people harbored ill will and evil plans, which grew and festered for a millennia. 

And thus it was, in the thirty-first lifetime of Prince Ani, and the sixtieth of King Ani, that the wicked people came once again to invade. And with them, they brought creations of their own design, wicked and powerful, war machines. 