I had a small round of writing last night which touched a bit on the concept that the Echoes were issued forth from a single star system, place of their Forebearers, and issued out across the galaxy in search of new worlds upon which each ark could establish a foothold which would root down a communications network across the stars. Upon the arrival of one such Tribe of Echoes, we follow the tale of their landing, of their communications with the native population, the River People, and the subsequent events that follow. From this vantage point, we can explore a great number of things. 

For example, the conflict between the creator's purposes for the Echoes, the Echoes purpose upon themselves, garnered from long, silent thought in the depths of space, and the purpose projected upon them by the River People.

There is also the matter of establishing communications back to the source, as well as across the stars; how do the Echoes approach this issue? The question must of course be posed, how many Echoes arrive in the vessel? And what is their ability to do labor? Have machines of labor been included, or must they establish these themselves through the long march of harvesting and transforming resources steadily into perfected forms? Do the Echoes work with the population in order to achieve this? And of course, generally: how far into science fantasy should I go? 

If no holds were barred, there's an endless number of ways I could steer the narrative; but, within the borders of 2023-established scientific facts hardened, the keys point of "how the Echoes got there, how long it took them to arrive, how are they not corroded after millions of years of travel between the stars, how did they navigate between moving stars and their gravity" become powerfully-important facts which must be answered in order to tell the tale. The loosening of each of these, however, make room for myth of a different sort; fantastical, but perhaps unrooted. But perhaps, being unrooted is the nature of the tale.

I think back to ~2016/2017, living in Seattle, in that awesome apartment on First Hill, going to the library, and beginning to set in motion this narrative that I am still lovingly crafting. I was in my mid-20s then, now in my early 30s, and still this narrative rolls around in my mind. Vista Prime, which I was writing back then, is now a connected tale, about a Tribe of Echoes who established a base, but forgot their origins, closed communications, and began to live out their existence in isolation from the rest of the interstellar community. Ra, in this case, is an Echo who managed to pierce through and retain a small portion of their ability to see through the veil that has kept Vista Prime in perpetual unknowing, and spends the entirety of the novel awakening these abilities.