I have been neglecting my writing habit since I had my wildly-prophetic writing day last Saturday, bringing my tale of the Wandering Tribe to life. That tale was especially prophetic and interesting to me. It is an entrypoint to writing about all my additional interesting Beings, once we've made it into the Second Act. Ani will lead the tribe away from the realm that is descending into darkness.

Perhaps I can place this tale a little more central to my existing works. Perhaps Ani *is* Prince Ani, in the life that is beginning just after he was freed from his doom by Abu in the sands beside the Valley of Rebirth, before being taken by the Tiger Men. My old tale... what, was I 21 when I wrote this? Back living with Magik and Michkael in Portland. Yes, in fact, this tale might fit perfectly into this old one, since it's been my intent that this ancient and powerful culture would fall so terribly low after this point, becoming subject to a terrible evil that will kill the very airs and cover all the world in a cloud of smoke and darkness. And into that darkness, will walk The Hunters, ever-searching for the last vestiges of ancient metal which once dwelt in the chest of every Royal on the planet. 

Yeah, this is good stuff!

So the Kingfisher will be a sort of fun-yet-scary counterpart to the truly-terrifying Hunters, but I don't believe I will explore this post-darkness timeline just yet; I will simply begin with Ani's life as he becomes a Wayfarer, no longer bound to the timeline of a single planet, but instead part of the greater path of life. And it is his duty to lead this last vestige of his people away from that world which is plunging into darkness, across the galaxy, to rest in the center of Gondölla, The Great Hermitage of the Wayfarers.

But along the way, Ani and his tribe will encounter every major race of Beings that I have invented thus far, and the chapters will be called as such: 

Twiilii
Echo
Rebirth
Vigil
Wayfarers
Miror
Divinidad
Adáni
Avári

### Of Secondary Worlds
Within the wilds of each human soul is a realm unto ourselves. Unto this realm we may travel at-will, and in it may both shape it, and observe it. When observing it, we find its many parallel threads to our primary world, and the experiences we have gathered in this world. Within us may be the impulse to stick to certain estuaries and places in our secondary world, but one thing is absolutely certain: the boundaries of our secondary world are movable. 
We have capabilities in our secondary world that can have lasting impact on our primary world. By establishing some sense of order in our secondary world, in our inner life, we seem to radiate those qualities called "human", as opposed to those other qualities within us which are referred to as solely "natural" or "animalistic." In our discoveries and ordering of our Secondary World, we may create works that can be, through steady effort and no small feat of Will, bring our visions outward, and turn them unto the Primary World, and thus the two will become in a sort of union, our Third World, or the world of interplay between primary and Secondary... our United World. 