# 2/12/2019

So many developments in the story. In the world. in the setting, the universe, the people, the timeline, everything is beginning to come into focus. And my creative process is making more sense, as well. 

The larger framweork of the story is taking shape. I read **Starfinder**'s core rulebook at the bookstore yesterday. That blew the cap off of my highly limited storytelling, but also showed me just where I wasn't going to take this story. In my creative process, **I create a setting** that is truly expansive. Then, when the setting is in place, a great number of stories can be told within it. The energetic threads are set and then anything can be told. For Data Crash, I have revealed an all-important starting point...

Earth - Water - Air - Fire - Data
Mountains, Lakes, Rivers, Skies, Burning Forests, and The Datascapes

The topic of Kami and Shintoism has informed me greatly.

Shintoism calls three types of Kami:

1. Ancestors (Fujigami)
2. Spirits of Nature,
3. Souls of Great People

**The Kami of Data** will then be **archetypal expressions of Data itself:**

* Electricity
* Gatekeepers
* Rapidity
* Fluidity
* Rigidity
* Hidden natures
* Multiple languages and interpretations
* Codefied knowledge systems
* Ability to bring many elements together into a cohesive whole << ROM
* Writing and Reading
	

Humanity is creating a new dimension of activity, **The Datascape(s)**, with many estuaries and regions, so many different ways to compose itself. From this element, Data, is being born forms, and someday those forms will hold great amounts of Spirit, too. The Data Crash stories are set in the time when **Data has begotten sentient forms**. The stories themselves are based upon an absolute mindfuck of philosophical background and predictive fiction. Just the very nature of the Datascape itself is enough to create an ocean-worth, a lifetime, of thoughts and ideas. 

For example, within the Datascape dwells a **Persona**; that Persona does not require a physical form to be alive, but is able to take on a body and interact with the physical world.

Or, that a Data Being can interact with and be informed by innumerable physical or non-physical **data-senses**; think, a satellite orbiting Jupiter, with cameras, sensory readouts from apparatuses, and the data absorbed from these can be _directly experienced_ by a Data Being without intermediary. A Data Being can access the whole Datascape if it is able to, requiring only access to the data itself.

There's another interesting one: **access to data**. Entire libraries of knowledge can be denied a Data Being if they do not have the proper credentials, passcodes, or work-around techniques. If they cannot access the data, then it is impossible for them to absorb or touch.

Now, expressing this in any form that his human-accessible will be tricky and there are a few possible devices: 

* the stories can always have a human present
* the literature can be written like code (use sparingly and do it right, not crappy)
* describing what happens from the outside is nearly useless when an absolutely mind-boggling amount of information is being computed and communicated through the Datascape, so **I must create windows into the Datascape itself**

**Windows into the Datascape**
How does a human even understand what two Data Beings are communicating? What _are_ they communicating, from their points of view? How is it communicated if not with an intermediate human language?

I had an idea for a story: a Data Being is creating a type of data conversion protocol (DCP) which takes Datascape information previously accessible only to Data Beings and translates it into a human-readable format. This invention is totally
