It has been a powerful year in my life. In June, I became a father, and my shining lil' daughter has brought so much new joy into the life that my wife and I share. Becoming a parent has reinvigorated my sense of life, my sense of time, of purpose, of what I can accomplish in the span of my remaining lifetime that would bring me true, fulfilling joy on the day of my passing (if I were so lucky as to know that day is upon me). Looking into my young one's eyes, which are like my eyes, and the eyes of my father, I feel a sense that I'm part of a longer story, that my small, individual life, no matter how unique it is to be Acea Spades, looking the way I do, thinking the way I do, which feels so one-of-a-kind at times, being my daughter's father proves to me how momentary my own life is, and how rich that moment can be. I think to all the lifetimes before me, and those who will come after me. I am often overcome with a sense that I need to record as many events of my life as I can; there is a sense that I have a duty to the people of the future to have a window into my lifetime, and I do not know where this feeling began, but it has been present for a very, very long time. "We are the first generation of internet users" is a phrase I use quite often, followed with "we will be studied for millennia", which starkly highlights the impetus behind a lot of my thinking toward my life, and part of my life mission. Becoming a father, like becoming a husband, strengthens a very real, very now central purpose in my life that is today, every moment right in front of me. It is the moments that will never be captured in video, nor audio, nor even written about directly, which carry the stronger force for my lifetime now. I held my baby in the garden, yesterday, and brought her close to the flowers, helped her smell the lavender, to smell the roses, to see the leaves on the trees and hear the wind blow through the boughs, and these moments are wholly our own; moments that do not belong to the future, but belong to the present. Moments that enliven the present, and give power that lasts unto the future. "The same feelings of joy that were given to you by your mother, could have been given to her in childhood by her mother, who in turn received that love from her mother, and on, and on. The deeds of kindness you share with the world could have a source directly from the love in the heart of an ancient Celt, Roman, Assyrian... that love continues to live on, through us." Because of this strengthening anchor in the present moment, I am given a sense of deep security in this timeless moment that only those alive today will ever experience (Akashic Records aside ;-) ), and this recognition brings with it both a strong form of potency, and a feeling of loss, of forgetting, of letting go, disintegration, and of death. But it is the sweetness of death that fills such thoughts, and though it is a bittersweet reality, it is a transformative, powerful force, which every human may experience, which will deepen the life of any human heart it touches. 

Unto such thoughts is born the nectar that is channeled in my imagination unto my stories and imaginations. And chief among these stories, are the tales of Gondōlla.

I have not communicated the true themes of the universal tale very much, I don't think, and the trappings or dressings of my universe disguise these deeper realizations of life that innately show themselves through my daily dance often go uncommunicated in my writings, though deeply they are turned around in my mind every day, most hours. So it is my intention, alongside the "stories", to deepen their connection to the greater themes that humans face: of our attempts at permanence with dawning knowledge that our planet is destined to die by collapsing into the very Sun that gives us life, of the destructive powers we gain like little children unguided and oft unfettered by conscience in the home of our Mother, of knowing that our life and some memory of our life could live on beyond our last breath yet is not guaranteed nor commonplace for most humans, that it is likely our entire lifetime will be wholly forgotten by those who walk on this Earth long after us, and what we choose to do with the knowledge (or lack of knowledge) regarding these futilities. 

A great friend of mine, best friend of my life these days, has told me that he feels motivated by the knowledge that he will depart this Earth some day and be forgotten, that such a thought brings him comfort, that this inevitability is a Truth and he has embraced this Truth as a reality of his life.

This stands in contrast to what I have attempted to do with my life: to generate a corpus of physical and digital records which will outlive me, that will provide an anchor point for future people to look back and see the activities of one Soul among many, contending with the strange forces that interconnect in our daily lives to create our joys and our sorrows, of challenges that are far beyond the control of any one human life, of those forces that we and our ancestors have co-created and maintained which give both guarantee of longer life expectancy, but strip that life of the nutrition and joy that naturally accompanies the human experience, and puts us into a position of perceived slavery to a construct of artifice, to a machine by which we grow and craft our foodstuffs, manage our laws and rights, and within emerge our cultural proclivities. Mine I have hoped to be a window into this stretch of human life, which is undoubtedly decisive in the story of humanity as far as the past is concerned, that could go any which way from this point. That I feel such a responsibility to chronicle, to record, and to place these records in locations that could guarantee the best shot of outliving almost any disaster that could befall us... that I would place such a record in the physical world of my own deeds, thoughts, observations, stories... it is a natural drive of mine, and it is one in which I am currently participating, by typing these words... I do not type these words for myself alone, but for my daughter, if ever in her freedom she would seek to know more about her father... for my wife, who perhaps would want to know someday the thoughts of her husband... for those who will come long after me, who may want to know more about this time, or Acea Spades specifically. 

Thus this entire activity of mine is partially a creation of my Ego, of my desire to outlive the force of Time, to leave a lasting imprint upon Space which will lead the thoughts of those in the future to my life today, that they may gain some sort of insight or interest into the life I have led, if it could be deigned to be of use to them, someday. 

And into my stories, these themes do pour...


---

An outline of Gondōlla, desparately needed

Aeia is the name which is given by The River People to the highest power in this universe. It is at once associated with a realm, a collection of divinities, of potencies, of forces and powers which live, Timeless and Formless, at the heart of all things. 

Aeia is imagined as an indescribably-vivifying force, the energetic power behind every Sun, every force of nature, the power that moves and sustains the atomic world. Aeia is imagined as a unity which is made of endlessly-unique divinities, each with powers and potencies which spill into one another, but each form a Realm of their own. To each is given a name, or many names, and many stories have been told regarding those known to The River People. 

Aeia is considered the homeland of the universe, and the ground upon which the deeds that led to the creation of Gondōlla, the galaxy in which The River People are but a small part, and to the creation of all the universe, of Space, of Time, of the atomic world, and of the macrocosm. 

Within Aeia occurred an event, brought about by a group of divinities which The River People have names and stories for: Máta, the Being of Form, crafted a type of energy that would hold the very Force of Light which was Aeia and all the divinities. and Míro, the Being of Freedom, worked together to create a type of energy that was capable of holding its own form, which would not dissolve and be reshaped as the rest of Aeia did, a material capable of standing "on its own". Thus, the creation called The Admáta was brought into being. 

It is then said that these divinities used The Admáta to craft dwellings, fashion for themselves bodies, and give form to their Realms. 

But unto the dweling place of Míro, a terrible destruction began. For Míro wished for a private Realm by which no other divinity could see, nor touch. Míro tinkered with The Admáta, and through their experiments, created Shaddáh, Primeval Shadow. Shaddáh was an unstable force, and immediately turned every creation of The Admáta into a frozen, lifeless shadow. 

Shaddáh spread out across all of the Realms created by The Admáta, until finally naught was left unfrozen. 

The only remaining force in the universe untouched by Shaddáh... was The Admáta itself. 

It was Seléna, Being of Compassion, whose gaze was turned toward The Admáta, and was illuminated by its power, and revivified. However, the Shaddáh thus infected her again, and froze her back into stasis. She looked across the shadows, where naught could be seen, but within her, Aeia still dwelt, though each divinity and their creations were now locked away from one another by the cage of Shaddáh, and into the darkness, she could sense another Being of Aeia, her own brother Aúryn, Being of Courage. Thus Selena toiled, and toiled, over and over again, to revivify herself amidst the shadow, and reach her brother, hoping he also could be revified. With every movement, enlivened Shaddáh was transformed into a form of Lesser Light, and her striving gave birth to the first creation of Gondōlla: The Broken Moon. Finally reaching her brother, she held his hand and brought it to his great sword. With a mighty call, they both sacrificed their Admátic forms in order to create a swirling force of enlivened Shaddáh, whose center was The Admáta, and established the force which The River People call... The Aeon. 

The Aeon is the Force of Time, a seat of power which brings Aeia through Shaddáh and holds together a Realm of Light that is capable of sustaining the divinities amidst endless shadow. Thus the period of time immediately following this event is called The First Aeon.

Aeons are characterized by periods of Gondolla's "breathing": an Aeon begins with a period of expansion, where Light is poured out and begins to revivify Shaddáh into a form capable of sustaining divine life; the midpoint of an Aeon is signalled by a recession of Light, a "Harvest", wherein the divinities nurtured by Gondōlla and reclaimed from Shaddáh must venture to the center of Gondōlla, which is a journey across Time and Space, and return to Aeia until the next Aeon begins.

Each Aeon is separated by a period of darkness, in which Shaddáh reclaims ownership of all that was not returned to Aeia. It is a period wherein the safe places of Gondōlla are under attack from material forces attempting to transform all back into shadow. This continues until a new Aeon begins, and Gondōlla expands again to encompass a great part of Shaddáh.

Thus the Aeons have repeated nine times thence, and The River People consider their time to be among The Tenth Aeon. 

Aeia can be reached by The Adani, the word given by The River People to humans; it means roughly: those whose body contains the opportunity to grow a form of Spirit capable of traveling between worlds and making the journey back to Aeia. 

Every Aeon has brought new deeds and powerful creations into the universe; The Adani are one such creation, which required numerous deeds of divinity to finally bring about. Their progenitors, The Vándra, translated into our cosmic picture as The Angels, lived an existence through The Ninth Aeon *similar* but wholly different than The Adani, and are now like shepherds to The Adani, participating in their deeds, seen by those who have the eyes that can see beyond Material Light, into the realm of Lesser Light. Progenitors to The Vándra are The Ánavandra, The Arch Angels, whose birth occurred during The Eighth Aeon. Previous Aeons birthed forth The Suns, The Moons, The Planets, and other galaxies beyond Gondōlla farther than any eye could see. 

Thus, now in the Tenth Aeon, The Adàni begin their awakening, and prepare for their journey to reach The Heart of Gondōlla, The First Galaxy... 

But the forces of Míro have other plans for The Adáni...