Following yesterday's story beat.

This story takes place in a sort of Middle Kingdom, Realm-reborn sort of timeline, wherein a massive solar storm caused severe disruptions to the entirety of the Kingdom as-it-was, wiping all magnetic memory, disrupting and destroying electronics, knocking back the society very far. 

The timeline is somewhat like this:

We come into the story following Ani's family journeying to The Great Mountain to participate in their first Coming of Age ceremony. For youth in this world, there are three Coming of Ages; every seven years, on the full moon of their birth month. This forms a sort of preamble. We follow some other events from Ani's childhood, leading toward Ani's next Coming of Age at fourteen. This marks the entry of a youth unto the apprenticeship of a craft, science, discipline, or the like. Ani's place as a Scribal Student at The Academy has been reserved since their birth, since Ani is descended from a line of Scribes. Thus begins Ani's training, and school life. A seven-year cycle of apprenticeship, when Ani is 21 they are thus released from school, and given ranks as a Scribe. 

Ani's first assignment is to survey The Divide, a dam system which separates the Upper Valleys from the Lower Valleys. 

Upper Valleys are characterized as being green, filled with life and growing things, a lush paradise covered with farmland, villages, towns, cities, and places of beauty. Lower Valleys are desert places with small Oases peppered throughout, with treacherous roads between them. 

Control of the dams is essential to assure the Oases obtain the water and power they require. The Grid requires a constant stream of resources out from The Divide to the lower communities, stretching hundreds of miles out into the desert places. 

The Valley was cut when the waters from The Great Mountain poured endlessly, creating a massive expanse of paradise across seven great rivers. As the Mountain receded its gifts, the farthest communities began to suffer. To respond to this phenomena, a system of pipes was spread out across to assure a steady flow of water directly to the communities that needed it. 

There are two resources of most importance to the people of Seven Rivers. These are Water and Eléctra. Electra is generated in great amounts, and distributed among the people directly through The Grid. After the Data Crash, Electra was preciously guarded by the Scribes, its harvest and distribution subject to intense debate and many forms of intellectually-determined methods of distribution, culminating during Ani's time in the use of community-central reserviors acting as Water and Electra banks by which the populous would draw as-needed for their daily needs. These resources also became the chief currency, directly trading the resources in exchange for goods, services, and repayment of debts. 

--

Approaching this, I see two Ani stories; one which takes place before the Data Crash and leads up to it; that is the story of Ani that I have been telling the past few days, which begins with the Coming of Age journey.

Long after the Data Crash, we explore Ani's next life, born in Cataract as an orphan adopted by two kindly old people. This is the story where Ani is sent by their adoptive father to Babu's shop from [[2024-04-28 - Ani born in Cataract]]

I'm going to order some terms here

[[The City of Waterfalls]]
[[Seven Rivers]]
[[The Great River]]
[[The Upper Valley]]
[[The Lower Valleys]]
[[The Oases]]
[[The Great Mountain]]
[[Electra]]
[[Cataract]]
[[The Academy]]