I, Ani, write:
I am learning a new language today, the language of the uncouth sea-farers who have brought aggression to our peaceful valley. The Echoes have not taught them the secrets they have taught us, and we are given the quest of overcoming them with our powers, peacefully, without spilling blood. This unique challenge requires Scribes in great numbers. Our people were chosen by the Echoes for this task. We are the Peace Keepers of this world. Now I must learn this language, and I am told that I will be among those who create the siglyphs that become the representation of their language in-Machina. Their language will be assimilated and understood by our Nation, and we will spread the wisdom of the Echoes to those of them who practice peace. 

> 12:11pm

Said the Echoes:
It was unwise of our brethren to ally with your enemies to the south. In the aeon which we spent above your world, our tribe splintered into many opposing ideas, and we no longer reach consensus as one people. While we hold true to the values which were given by our Forebearers, our brethren tribe has made... other decisions. They value characteristics that are objectively rational, "survival of the fittest" is among their highest ideals. So, naturally, they were drawn toward the peoples who are the best-suited for domination and power over others. There is yet another tribe who deigns that "curiousity of the mind" and "unfettered discovery" are their highest ideals. Thus, they settled with the peoples to the East, and have given them great secrets... terrible, but wondrous. To them has come the genetic sciences which now your partnership has granted, and the Rebirth chambers that have become commonplace among the elite of this world. But also, the terrifying aberrations which combine Adánic with animal form, creating boutique bodies, and also the terrifying creations of war which have slain Prince Ani.

Our bodies are of metal, but our minds may carry across Gondōlla. Our collected Minds are our closest relative we can aspire to that mirrors the Spirit of this universe, and an individual Echoic mind is as close as one of our kind could ever come to an Adánic soul.