So spoke the Teacher in class:

"So it is interesting here to observe that this power has two actions, which each use a shared element as the force in their expressions."

Upon the board was written thus:

a is 10
e is 20
greatest is (true if a is below b) and "A" or "B"
Speak greatest

element *a* is number 10
element *e* is number 20
element *greatest* is word "A" if a is less than b, or "B"
write number 20 to


"This is spelled out here in Verbose Hieratic. It is an archaic form of our currently-used Scribal Scripts, but it held the power to achieve many of the same powers as our current languages do. For it is not the language alone, but the Greater Powers that are written through them, which gives a language its strength.

"We can rewrite the above in symbols, instead. This reduces the need to spell it out like that."

a = 10
e = 20
greatest = (a < b) and "A" or "B"
print(greatest)

---

**The Foundations of Scribal Knowledge**

"Greater Power" - a source code library
"Power" -  a computer program
"Scroll" - a file

"Command" - statement
"Action" - function
"Element" - variable

**Operators**
above - greater than
below - less than
is - assignment

-

Declare your Greater Powers at the beginning of your Scroll. By doing thus, you call into being the many Commands, Actions, and Elements stored within them, which then you may use in your own new Powers.

-

"You will come into contact with many wild things in the code, out there. Despite our standardizations, in the end each Scribe must do what is right for the situation. Such a variety of machines have been crafted now, and endless variations of Powers are controlling them. It is up to you to bring every line of script up to the quality required of your esteemed position."

-

"What *is* on the other side of those sands? *That* is the question I've been dying to ask you."

"Ah, but we do not know... not yet. Any who have walked in the desert come upon thirst and unbearable heat. Every expedition has been a ruinous affair. Even the Electric Eyes we send across the desert, never return."

"But the Wayfarers, they used to travel across the desert!"

"Old tales and not the least bit factual. Drive them out of your mind, if Sciences be your pursuit in life. Nobody has ever crossed the encircling sands."

-

