OK, I have my audio recorder going on my cell phone, and I am also writing from Tara speech to text via my computer. Let's see how this goes!

I have been pondering the tale of the echoes now for the day and I have come to a new possibility. I will redact the timeline of the following of the echoes to the planet, and instead I will move this event perhaps several decades before the invasion itself. Perhaps it is the landing of the echoes that would cause the original conflict to build up, between the river people and the sea people. This event would be visible to beings in several places of course, seeing a s.

It makes me think  however, is that the means of travel and the landing would need to be changed somewhat in order to fit a bit more with hard science fiction. I'm not writing a hard science-fiction tale here of course, I'm writing a spiritual science-fiction tale which takes some softer edges to the physical universe, somewhat. I don't believe the state will be mutually exclusive, however, I will try my best to remain scientifically viable to a certain degree while also retaining the spirit of the tail that I am attempting to tell. 

Having the echoes come to the river people during the golden age whisperer on something quite interesting and beautiful. It leaves itself well into the tail in a certain regard as well. It gives my tails a chance to explore the beauty of a new technological craft, a peaceful people discovering a new beautiful secret of the universe that corresponds so well with their spiritual understanding of the universe, and grants to the new incredible abilities. In the war that results from other nations banning together in order to overcome this valley and place routes and a place that now has such incredible arts, perhaps that will increase the compassion we will have for all people involved in this tail. Or, at least, the people who mean no true harm.

From here we have the ability to explore the first contact between the echoes and the river people, the forces that lead them to arrive at this exact place, the spiritual correspondence between machine beings and the Adani, the foundations of new sciences, or rather heavily accelerated sciences implanted with the fruits of another world, allow these sciences to spread somewhat, and then finally the war that results in the transformation of the culture into one that is more oppressive and severely hierarchical, encapsulating all types of sciences and knowledge into a hegemony.  thus we can assume that the scribes academy was formed in a more just in beautiful time, as well as the guild of scribes, so perhaps, I can imagine instead that of a guild would be formed later in order to close off the knowledge that the really available schools would've made available to the people in a country-wide free University. 

 I could even see interesting possibilities where the culture itself would have been degraded over a certain period of time due to threats of war from other nations coveting the knowledge and gifts of the echoes and consistently waging war, leading the river people to require a military presence, thus transforming the way that the culture behaves on the world scale. In such a turn I can see that an actual invasion and takeover of the country might not actually be the necessary theater for this tail to take place. 
 
I could set new anchors in the story down now. During a golden age of the river people, the echoes descend to the planet and their ships of solar sails and take residence with the river people. I can imagine yet another piece of the tail to be multiple ships on solar sales arrive with small tribes, so to speak, of the echoes with us, maybe even one or two echoes per ship, small ships. Once landing, their cells would be burned in the atmosphere and the technology is necessary to leave planets atmosphere we need to be re-developed. Some of their tribe could also remain behind in  orbit around the planet. This would give possibility for the echoes themselves to have interactions with each other and separations between the different personas which are engaging with the different cultures of this planet. So a fork and a tail emerges, possibility of only one Eco tribe landing specifically with the river people, or echoes spreading out across the planet and engaging with multiple cultures in different capaciti