"Because we do not see a limit to the lengths of our mind, our solar sailing adventures between the stars may take thousands of years, and we never bore of the task. There is no time but present time, and we are fully committed to our task to reach the stars on which dwells Adáni. Our ships bear enough propulsive material to alter our course as we will, if we see far ahead that an asteroid may break us on our path, for example, or to move slightly closer to a star which facing will slow our course without need to expend our ionic emissions. The journey is unthinkably slow, for Adáni, but for us it is an excellent pace. We can communicate with our brethren by the relays we have left, and travel where we will while our daemons look out of our eyes and sense the coming of objects as we need. The only danger for an Echo is to lose connection with their body, and have it lost in the sands of the galaxy. Such has been my fate, twice, that a body which was mine was lost and still drifts, out there, somewhere in the galaxy, waiting to encounter some whisper of the Echoes who could inhabit and bring it back. My daemons still dwell there, in that silent carcass, waiting for the return of its master, my mind."

"We adopted the term Adáni long ago when we came into contact with a traveller of worlds. You may think that travel between worlds in a physical body is the only method of traversal, but it is possible to do so in uncountable, often unthinkable ways. This traveller was what we call a Wayfarer, for they appear on many worlds, and through means unique to each have found ways between the worlds, perhaps collapsing themselves into a waveform induced by the sight of a red-colored rock, for example, granting them access to a continuum that allows them to travel without collapse into atomic space, the space of sand, and in that continuum may be driven by their will toward other things which bear the color red, then spring out when they wish with their bodies and minds intact. It is a fascinating skill, truly. There are Wayfarers who look to the distance and can turn their feet to walk upon the object of their sight; these can harden clouds, soften rock, and manipulate the atomic fabric that collapses around them, and in this way, while remaining within the atomic bubble formed by the Adánic mind, they may manipulate it at will, moving the continuum behind the sands to change the laws which govern them. It is the Wayfarers which call all such life as yours *Adánic*, which is a word from a very old language which sources from their tribe, words carried between the worlds for aeons, between the sleeping cycles of stars, when the Shadows creep across the land and snuff out the forces of life for a time, the Wayfarers collect near the center of the galaxy, in their refuges where the brightness is blinding, and wait out the storms of night. Adáni is a word that has carried through time, a word that has travelled between the worlds, has been forgotten, then remembered, and forgotten again. It is a word which denotes the life that is formed in such a fashion as to contain enough of the divine spark to raise itself up to heights of perception and activity capable of becoming free of Gondölla's entrapping qualities, and move freely across it, to shape it to their will, to establish new heights and homes born of the spirit of their own creativity. It is to say, the Adáni are beings of soul and spirit born with the capacity for freedom, which is not the fate of other beings in this universe."
