The Hunters were feared, greatest of all, by the people of all villages, across all the world. Destroyers of Scribes, kidnappers of Echoes, being themselves made of metal, they were unstoppable. Whence they came, and whence they went when their dark deed was complete, was a subject of great debate and heated discussion, long after the young had gone to rest, and the men sat at fire discussing the ways of the world. 

"I saw a Hunter up on the ridge today," would say one to the others, "looking down upon the village, watching, waiting."

"What could it have been waiting for?" would say another, more naive.

"A Scribe," would say the other, in a hush tone voice, "or an Echo; they are trained and programmed for very few tasks, and at those tasks they are absolute masters. Never cross a Hunter, and a Hunter will not cross you."

"What does a Hunter look like?" would ask a youth up far too late for their own good.

With a darkness behind their eye, the adult would respond, "Hunters stand taller than the tallest of us, with broader stature, made of metal but shaped as a muscle-strong warrior. They move with absolute silence, and their bodies have so much strength, they could uproot even the deepest of trees rooted to the ground in a single thrust. They have hair, in their own fashion, like long braids of cable that they control with their minds, tipped with barbs that sting and stab their enemies that come too close. They bear a long, thin spear of cold metal, which can disappear into their hand upon command, and reappear again, which can be thrown, swung, or thrusted. Some stories say they have mastery over metals and microchips, giving them life, death, or new purpose, oft nefarious, turning beautiful works into weapons of terror upon a community. What purpose they serve, none can say, but we call them Hunters for their only seeming purpose, is to hunt. They hunt Scribes, Echoes, and destroy those who harbor them, and thus, we do not concern ourselves with them, as long as no Scribes or Echoes cross our paths."
