 `### 5/29/24

[[The Wayfarers|The Wayfarers]] [[The Echoes|The Echoes]] [[Starfall]]

"What of the Wayfarers?" asked the King. "What do they know of these metal men?"

"We have consulted among ourselves," spoke an ancient wanderer, "but revealed no knowledge of these Beings as of yet. But, members of our order rarely travel out toward the darker regions of Gondōlla. And if that is from whence these Beings came, then we do not trust them."

"What of the Kémis?" replied the King. "They have examined the Starfall, the vessels, and the Beings themselves. What say they?"

A robe of many colors rose with the man who wore it. 

"They seem to be the make of Mirórë, being so sheathed in Shadá, but made of purest metals. They glean with a light that is holy, and when awakened they speak with great clarity, and move with beauty. Grace is in their every step. Because of this, our hearts tell us, these are Beings born of Spirit, made in the image of Adáni."

The ancient wanderer spoke again.

"But were these Beings born of the Higher Regions, they would sing to us with choruses which the ears cannot hear, but the Soul may perceive. No Wayfarer who has stood beside such a Being has encountered any such powers of Spirit. These are Beings made wholly of Shadá, and that is a thing which is truly to be feared."

The King responded.

"Recall, my ancient friend, that the Adversary is destined to draw the Adáni unto darkness. It has not been Míro's way to conjure Beings made of metal, such as this. In their loveliness, we see an image of ourselves."

"These Beings are totally void of Spirit. That is a matter of grave concern." The wanderer did not attempt to disguise his concern.

The King, with brow furrowed in concentration, gently closed his eyes, searching. A long moment passed before he said, "We must learn more about these Beings. Not by poking and chipping off pieces of their bodies, but by interacting with them. Through true, Adánic engagement. Perhaps we can learn each other's languages, establish a common ground for communication and shared understanding. This is my decree. Do not allow the Beings to escape the Starfall Canyon, and do not hurt nor hinder them inside that valley. With patience, we may reveal great secrets."