There is a tree which stands at the corner of a green field near Moonstone Beach. I sat beside a camp fire near this tree, and watched it for many moments. A light beneath the tree was illuminating the bark in such a way that the shadows were cast strongly and starkly in the dark night, revealing the Spirit of that Wood to the naked eye. 

This Wood Spirit was very interesting to behold. It held a part of the stories of Gondoōlla, which I will tell you today. 

All across Gondōlla, the early Wayfarers spread the seeds of The Bridging Tree: a tree with deep roots and long memory, with an articulate and conversational Spirit. The Wayfarers spoke, sang, and nurtured the Bridgelings, teaching them each of the Ways that were nearby, and where they would lead. 

Thus, the Bridging Trees became close personal allies to The Wayfarers. Whenever a Wayfarer comes upon a Bridging Tree, they enact a specific ritual beside it in order to reveal the Spirit in the Wood: 

In the dark of night, place a light beside the tree, upon a shrine has been anchored beside its roots. The light will awaken the Spirit of the Tree. 

Every Bridging Tree has a personality of its own, and a memory of the Ways closest to them. Not all Ways are known to the Bridging Trees, but if a Wayfarer is ever lost on a foreign world, a Bridging Tree is sure to help them along to familiar waters.

In the Twilight Period of the Aeon, some Bridging Trees have been assailed by the dark servants of Míro, possessed and twisted. Such Trees lure Wayfarers into Ways that are wrought with Soul Snatchers and other hungry, evil things. Best beware.