Chasing a story beat here. 

Ani is born as a young boy to an affluent family. Beautiful cubist home, in a suburban district just below the lowest lake of Seven Water City, not far from the Great River Waterfall. A peaceful, charmed life was Ani's upbringing. Ani's best friend lived close by, on the edges of town on a small farm by the water's edge. They spent their years running through tracks they had carved through the farmland and countryside beyond. 

The seventh year had passed and the full moon approached to mark Ani's transition into older youth. Ani's best friend, Maea, had also been born within the same moon, thus both of them were to participate in the Coming of Age at the foot of The Great Mountain during the same full moon. Their families made ready for the journey, which would be only a two-day's travel from their home at a leisurely, celebratory pace. 

They set out in the early morning, just as the lanterns were extinguished upon the causeway by the river, and the morning glow began its triumph over the night's chill. The first cliff ascent was nothing of difficulty for the two young children, but the adults had trouble making the ascent, and stopped many times along the way. Luckily, many such estuaries for walking people were made along the cliffside, and vendors of handicrafts, foods, and refreshments had already begun their long day providing travelers with their services. Each of these waypoints were beautifully carved from the cliffside, entering it or extruding it, and each was lined with colored stones, benches, lamps, and places to collect fresh water. A sight to behold for the people below, in the valley, at any time of the day or night; radiant in the sunrise, glistening at the sunset, twinkling in the early eve, and an an anchor of glowing light in the deepest night. 

The First Ascent was also considered a place of transition for the people of Seven Rivers, for only those ordained as worthy to enter The Golden City were able to pass the Cloud Gate. Ani's father, a well-respected Scribe, carried a golden bar around his neck, pressed with sigils of his own make, housing a record of his deeds in the Realm; his Scribal Cartouche. Permission was granted long beforehand for Ani's best friend to accompany them on this momentous occasion, for Ani was son of a Scribe and given a place in the Coming of Age at the base of The Great Mountain, which was an honor only few were allowed. But their father made some arrangements, and called upon favors to some in the City, who granted a special place for Ani's best friend to be part of the ceremony as well. This meant also that Maea's family would attend, which meant additional arrangements and complications, but their father made every concession well ahead of time to enable the occasion to happen. Maea's small family accompanied the caravan, making their First Ascent for the very first time. 

"Dirty, this walk," complained Ani's eldest sibling Kéru, "since they let anyone make the climb." Ani was used to their sibling's complaints. "I heard it used to be that the *bottom* of the hill marked the end of the plebe's walk."

"What a dreadful thing to say," remarked Ani's older sibling Hénumae. "It should be everyone's right to see the gorgeous homeland from the skies. It is generous that this way has been opened for the common people."

"Generous indeed. Too generous. Sucking up our water for their crops, sullying it with filth and giving what's left to the greedy sky." Kéru spit on the stone. "The draught is their fault, you know, those dry-landers."

"You better not let Father hear you speaking like that," chastised Hénumae, just as the caravan pulled closer behind, Father leading way. 

"Hear them speaking like what?" said Faither, slightly out of breath, leaning on an ornate rod of bright metals. "Is Kéru speaking poorly of people who are less fortunate, again?"

"Kéru is!" babbled Ani, barely able to contain their frustration.

"Unfortunately Kéru speaks the way the Scribes speak," sighed Father, "and that is the way the world works, today. But you do not have to be like that, Ani. You can be any way you wish to be. That is your burden, that is your gift."

Father was full of saying such as that, riddles and parables too great for youth to comprehend; mysterious, full of wisdom, or perhaps full of nonsense, if Kéru was right. 

"Full of nonsense," in perfect time they replied. "Nonsense that gets us no closer to the top of this hill. Our old man here will do best to hold their breath, lest he crumble into dust by the Third Rest." Kéru cast a jeering glance at Father, wet of brow. 

Father let out a humorous scuff. "And maybe a hair will have grown on thy chest by that time, little Kéi."

"Or maybe a heart will have blossomed," chided Hénumae, "though doubtful."

Passing the Final Rest, they passed through the Cloud Gate with some difficulty. Securing passage for Maea's family meant many words had to be exchanged with the Gate Protector. Whichever credentials were meant to be attained were not registered on the proper Chain apparently, thus Maea's family were not to be let in. Father cursed the Gate Protector under his breath, and hastily guided both families back through the crowds to Final Rest.

A breathtaking southern-facing view of the Great River Valley spread out before them; the Sand Spill poured out to their left, pouring over its ancient retaining wall and creeping closer to the river every day; further, the River broke in two, the Southern and the Western, and a gleaming city was down there, built round the famous institution in which all Scribes attained their accolades and honed their abilities, The Academy.

Father walked over to a Golden Pole where he could connect his Cartouche to The Speaking Chain. He spoke at length into his little golden bar, with some harsh words, to his colleague. "It is *you* whose responsibility it was to notify Cloud Gate of our arrival, so we may have all the proper credentials... Well, obviously you did *not*, since the Gate Authority has absolutely no idea what I'm talking about!" Father's voice grew quieter. "I told you to place this on The Royal Chain directly, *not* through a proxy, *especially not* from your personal scriptorium! You know there are renegades on the loose looking for any opportunity to waylay a Scribe. What do you think they would do with such information as this..." He lowered his voice yet further. "That I would help a Valley child and their family into the City to have their Coming of Age on the Great Mountain. This kind of information could ruin me, if it were in the hands of Nefári."

The children contented themselves with enjoying the view for a longer while, and buying snacks from a vendor on the wayside. The Cloud Gate loomed tall above them, polished blue steel in the shape of two scorpion's tails, stout and strong, blocking the way to the Plateau beyond. Several hundred people of all types from throughout Seven Rivers congregated, seeking passage through, awaiting the arrival of others from either side of the Gate, selling wares, offering services. 

Finally, Father returned to the throng, just as the sun was rising up above the tip of the gate, casting its menacing threat of fire on them. "It should be done now. Let us try again."

The way through was much smoother; Father was sure to choose a Gate Authority who had not received his severe admonitions before. The records were on-chain, thus the Authority marked a simple Cartouche for the family with all necessary sigils. The families were free to pass into The Golden City.

That night, they were set to dine with Mother's family, who lived just beneath the Second Ascent. To reach them, they had many options. Father, Mother, and Maea's parents discussed these options at-length. Mother had the most experience, being born and raised in this plateau of The Golden City.

"The fastest route is the Speedway; there's two trains that pass right by our cliffside Estate. There's a beautiful part of the ride where it skims the top of the Lake; the shower of water is breathtaking in the sunset. Or, we hire a carriage, and see the streets of the city up-close. Train is great if we're tired, so we can set down our luggage, freshen up a bit, then go to see the late-day events and nighttime celebrations. But if we're feeling adventurous, we can always refresh on the way."

The route through the city was favorable to Maea and her family, who wanted to see up-close the life of the city itself. 

That night, they arrived at the opulent estate of Mother's family. There, they rested, Maea's family all together in a wing of the house with a full kitchen, dining hall, and many small rooms for rest and sleep. Ani showed Maea the quarters of the house they most favored, and took them on a run across the rooftops, a treasured pastime which terrified the house staff.

The next morning, they set out at a lazy pace from the estate. They were not far from the train station, and very close to the Second Ascent. This Ascent was special, in that it had powerful machinery driving it, which slowly pulled the ascendant travelers directly to the top, stopping naught. As with the First Ascent, there were wares, foods, and refreshments to purchase along the way, but these ran instead directly on Eléctris instead of being sold and dispensed by Adáni.