Polished
When too long I abandon my heart, in search and pursuit of glory, my Vandrini pulls my threads to break the web of that spell. Though I may weep for the bitterness of losing the pull toward the direction of my longing, I trust in my Vandrini. it is only my clinging to mirage which enflames my mourning heart. Those threads must be broken, lest I be caught in a web of my own self-deceptions. I am welcomed in The Timeless Halls with my brethren.   


### Vocabulary
**[[Vandrini]]** - A lesser Vandra engaged directly in partnership with a single Adani, offering guidance and counsel to the Adani who listens. Vandrini are capable of altering the world in powerful ways that "pull threads of life" together, moving things that are already in higher-motion closer together and increasing their chances of "collision". This process can be abrupt, unexpected, and at times traumatizing for Adani unaware, or untrusting, of their Vandrini's actions. 


### Rough
When too long I abandon my heart, my feelings, my memories, in search and pursuit of glory and comfort in my Tablet, it is then that the Vandra seek to put happenstance measures in place to break my bitter web and release me from the ice that has enshackled me. And though I may weep for their ways are mysterious and often painful, it is only my clinging to mirage which myust be mourned and the loss of precious time and life caught in the webs of deception. I am elcomed in The Timeless Halls with my vrethren Adani. 
It is that Tablet that overcools my Spirit's heat. I am grateful to have known other ways, unknown to the city dwellers, that lead a Spirit onward unto greater Soul's development, completing the real Great Work: fashioning a Body of Light capable of returning to the Heart of the Galaxy, to be reborn in the next cycle of night and day as a Vandra.

---

An Adani is a planetbound Being that is united with the evolution of a single Planet. When living, the Adani is incarnated unto a body made of Gonde, mingled light and shadow. When awake, the Soul of the Adani is engaged, magnetically, with the world about them, they are a tapestry together with the manifold forms of Gonde,  and though inhabiting and animating that portion which is directly animated by the Atma, a portion inanimate Gonde about them is temporarily bonded with, and vivified by, the Atma, bringing it momentarily into the cosmosophical pull toward the Heart of the Galaxy, but unable to self-sustain connection with the higher archetypal forces that move throughout the Tapestry of Life and thus a layer of movable space for unbound Mirorin.

A Mirorin is a Being allied with Miro, utilizing Miraj to form bodies that hold the castings of Atma hostage from light. Though photons radiate in all directions throughout the galaxy, the presence of the Being 