The Rebirth stories were a tale of a Prince, deposed by evil, returning to his throne. It's a little ambiguous. It was meant as an action adventure novel but it is still full of holes, and unwritten. Because their people have a very funky religion and the world has an odd way of working, so I put the story off to the side. This story is set in the Kingdom of the Sun, a fictional culture in my tales. Well we can hit this angle: This culture was once a star-faring race. They mastered the sciences of Rebirth. But now, their ways of life are only in memory of a previous greatness. Their tale goes:

Our chosen people were the offspring of the giver of eternal light. We are growing in their very image, under their watchful eye. Upon our death, we return here, unless the ship arrives that is meant to carry us elsewhere, to another world, or into the solar city; when the ship comes to bear us away, we may not refuse. But we must be careful, for the king fisher is hungry, and if we commit acts in our days which mar the spirit, we will be bleeding in the afterlife, and he can truly smell the blood, and sends his worst after us. It takes great strength of spirit to navigate the waters and winds of the spirit world, and there are few who can do it. We must call for aid. The wakeful travelers who can go out from this world during day are powerful of spirit. 

These are the germ of their religious beliefs. They understand the ability to be reborn. They understand that most of their being is shed away, left in regions of the spirit world, before their central essence is freed, and this essence is guided back into a family for rebirth by use of amulets. They have very detailed funerary rites to ensure the soul can make its way back. There is a single but large family whose rule has been total for many generations. They now rule from an oasis, a mountain spring of many waterfalls, which waters a very long river valley, but once their seat was a great island, and they were mighty seafarers. They have a legend, that this continent was covered with water, and they sought this island as a holy place of rebirth; the nearby mountains held their temples and rebirth chambers. They say that their powers were strong over the natural world, that the air and water was different, as were they, not so tough of bone, and that they had mastery over the powers that grow in a way long lost. They say that some among them were most powerful, receiving special initiation, but they used their powers for their own whims, causing massive imbalances to the world. One such individual had caused a cataclysm that forced the capital to be moved. That part of the world, it is said, was sunk under the sea.

So, we have an ancient empire which tries to change very little. It is very isolated. But what's the story? Princely reclamation? It's just hard for me to write it. It's hard for me to do much of anything and there is something stopping me. Fear that it isn't going to be well received. That's my fear. Fear of being typical, of missing the mark. Lord of the Rings is fucking awesome all the way through in my honest opinion because it has so much powerfully true history and moral strength behind it. This story in its germ does not have the same overarching strength. 

Parts of the Plot
Shows the life of the Prince. How do they live? What is life like in the city for him? Peaceful, as it has always been. Looming trouble in its germ. Then, murder of the Prince, followed by his regeneration (takes time). A long-planned coup is taking place. Trouble brews. Succession is discussed within the family. 

What is the actual evil here? Greed? Fear of death. Fear of death can be. There's a science that only the kings can access and there are more people who want it. Overall it's a psuedo-science and a magic ritual which no longer works properly, and everyone is getting all in a huff about something that actually does not do what they think it does; the mystic experiences of the Prince character reveal this. The fight is over a magic ritual reserved for a class of beings that actually doesn't work. People live and die believing there is a way for them to return to this world and continue their work. Memory isn't preserved from lifetime to lifetime, so those who believe they are the umpteenth reincarnation of so-and-so are actually not, and when they are, it is by chance and not by ritual. 

Within a tale such as this can none the less be placed ancient mysteries of true bearing, such as within the initiation of the Prince into the true mysteries of the afterlife. Abu understands these things, but sees that the beliefs of the people and royalty are impossible to sway, and their egos are best not to tread upon. The whole of the problem itself is misunderstanding of the afterlife because of adhering to an ancient tradition that was meant to be regenerated and reborn. 

The Prince does not have to be the main protagonist, but rather, Abu can be. However, the Prince has the most likelihood of a transformation. Prince needs a name, if only temporary. Prince can actually be just a member of the royal house who does not have any major obligations, but because of the steady extermination of other members of the royal house, they are called upon to take the throne. Thrust into a position of responsibility far too early. Difficulty because personal objective has not yet been decided, and now responsibility itself creates a conflict. Not to mention, there is a sinister group who is embedded into the royal house that is plotting his inevitable demise as well. Prince character wants only to live a simple life? He enjoys what? 

**Innocent boy (protagonist) must rise to royalty (situation) when his family is beset by multiple murders; but he is not safe, and is nearly killed as well (disaster). He is healed and exiled, guided by his family's counselor Abu, and must prepare to save the kingdom (conflict) from the forces who overthrew his family (opponent).** 

Scenes: The flight from the chamber of rebirth. The town square with the torches of everlit flames. 

Who are the people in this world? Farmers and people of professions. Who are the higher society individuals? What are the religious roles, what is the religion?

"There is a summer feast coming up. Last year, your donation to the temple was a little scant."
"Yes, the reason is because the priests have more than enough."

Opponent will now shift from members of the ruling family to members of the priestly class. This is more like the troubles that ancient Egypt had faced, and that civilization is a major inspiration for this story. The priests are feeling their power waning, even as their power grows, and this disturbs them. Abu is not a member of the priesthood. 

When does my main character turn 16? How about right when he's most expected to care about the kingdom. Will there be a love interest? A beautiful girl in the courts, some daughter to a priest perhaps. She is used like bait to convince the prince of certain objectives. Who is doing this bating? Well, a member of the priesthood of course. Who are these people? A class of individuals who are interested in keeping power; the germinal state of the capitalists of today; the religious power group. What is their power? Ownership of land, agriculture, workforce, education, and more. What does a wish for greater power look like? The ability to make decisions unchecked by higher authority. What such decisions are there? Resource grabs? Is that really it? Polytheistic society has many religious orders. Each order has resources allotted. 

The power of the priests must be reduced, said the king, because they are growing too power and influential, too wealthy, and too corrupted. Their love of the world has replaced their love of the spiritual. Their mastery over the economy is the primary evil. They hold a harem, and that is where this love interest will come from. 

Children of the Star, a tribe that the prince visits away from the river.

What is the measure of greatness of a royal member? What is the measure of greatness of a citizen?