If Data Crasha was a videogame, I foresee it would be heavy in dialogue. I had plans for it to become a game with code block programming, mechanical repairs, and immersion into a robotic world. I think that Data Crash would be different as a game than it would be as a novel. Maybe there are different stories to be told in this universe. Maybe that's how I can approach it, instead. **The videogame, the literary novel, the movie, the graphic novel.** The videogame would have driving, self-repair, I could see it being both a first-person or a floating-camera-from-above game like Hob. But, if it were a game like Hob, extreme disadvantages could happen in the design; immersion would be lost, in my opinion. 

I would like to see more vehicle manipulation in a game with a camera angle like Hob. I'd love to see that. Entering the Datascape, programming vehicles and machinery, all sorts. It could be a game of rebellion. What would be the point of the game, what's at the core? i guess that question would be, what is at the heart of the Data Crash universe itself? Hmm. I suppose that answer will only come with time.

To make these games, I'll need to either become a more robust programmer, or I will need to work one-on-one with a programmer. Someone who understands how to make a game. 

So after the Data Crash, the whole of Vista can be thrown into a dystopian, cyberpunky world where folks find their own ways to live. That can be a gritty world which order is then born from to create the wold that Ra is born into. 

**World Resources Game**
I had another game idea pop up recently. The player is an AI who is making a survey of the world that it has access to. It can only see what it has the data to see. Using this data, it must make life pleasant for every human being by distributing world resources to all communities of the earth. It does so by choosing between demands. Demands can be need-based or want-based. People can try to trick The Overseer. The Overseer manages both supply and demand.The major moral of this story will be: Why in the world aren't WE doing this NOW? Why do we need a computer AI to do it? Maybe it won't be an AI though it does make for a more captivating selling point, which means more minds will crunch on the question. All world resources are available. Scratch that. World resources will be guarded and protected for a variety of reasons. it will be up to the player to convince world communities to join The Global Collective and make the world a more pleasant place, for all people. But the balance of nature must also be maintained. Balance can be totally fucked and the game will be lost because humanity will be lost. Whole communities can be lost, too, and that is a major loss. It must start at the beginning of 2025 and roll through until Global Convergence.
