**The flouring across the stars of the robotic people will be spoken of here. A great leap in artificial intelligence occurred near the exact moment of mankind’s journey beyond our stars. In fact, it was AI which assisted in this process. We first sent AI into the stars to survey and send back discoveries in other star systems. We humans then followed. 

On the first colony station in an exotic star system, a great scientist led his team in the creation of an altogether new form of robotic life; the Digital Persona. He, the lead scientist, was the mastermind behind the inner workings of the Persona Core, which generated new personalities and also hosted them. Within the simulation was the entirety of the robotic existence, yet this simulated existence could be altered by a physical robotic body capable of receiving sensory data, and in turn this simulation could affect the physical robotic bodies by giving them activities. In essence, The Core is a computer-simulated reality in itself which a robotic persona is ready made to navigate and thrive within. This Core simulation can receive sensory information from the robotic life that is physically connected to a digital persona, and the simulation can also broadcast instructions of activity to a physical robotic body. In short, within The Core is contained the entirety of robotic life. Few understand its inner workings beyond the algorithmic generating blocks, as the entire robotic world is encrypted with a code that only the scientist had the key to. Alas, upon his death, the scientist saw to it that this key was disintegrated, to prevent tampering with robotic life.

The robots born of the Digital Persona are incredibly lively, artistic, imaginative, curious, and excel at nearly every aspect of human life. They express the full spectrum of human emotion, desire, and faculties, often surpassing in greatness the human being at their own expressions. They do not need air, nor food, they only need to receive energy charges, though the batteries of the time allowed a robot to live for many months without requiring a recharge. Fluid replacement also needed to occur every so often, depending on the quality of lubricating and regenerative oils being used. But the robotic vessel could vary incredibly, ranging from humanoid to machinery and every form in between. The true genius of the robot resides within The Core.

What is The Core? It is a mammoth-sized data processing center which hosts the Digital Personas and their communal environment, which is called The Datascape. The Datascape is, more formally, the entirety of all digital data that exists. If a Digital Persona can access a data storage, it has the ability to read and manipulate it at will. Thus, any data that is accessible to a Digital Persona is considered to be within the Sensable Datascape. 

The events of Data Crash take place a millennia following the birth of this race. In short, mankind granted them sovereignty and gave the blessing to go forth and populate worlds, most of which were uninhabitable by humanity. The robotic society flourished and was an aid to humanity, like brothers. But five centuries ago, a great corruption of data spread across one sector of robotic space, damning most of the inhabitants and causing the societies there to fall into chaos. This led to a robotic quarantine in those regions. This in turn led to anti-robotic sentiment in the human communities, which then led to a war between humanity and robot. In short, many lives on both sides were lost. Great sectors were separated from the robotic nation, and these became the property of corrupted corporate entities who saw a valuable labor resource in robotic life. Such corporations organized a tactic in which they engineered a Data Crash which would wipe the memory of an entire robotic society, then instill a proto-corporate culture as the core of their society. The corporations would rule from afar, using robotic avatars to act as controllers over robotic-world companies. Thus, the scene is set for the story, Data Crash, which details the birth of an incredible Persona called Ra, one millennia to the day following the birth of the first Persona. Ra will gain incredible powers that his people have not known for centuries, and lead the robots of his city, Vista Prime, in rebellion against the corporations who are ruling them, all the while discovering their true history and empowering his people to become great, yet again.

## Of The Civil War

The Data Crash swept the memories of all Vista’s inhabitants half a millennia after robotic freedom was declared. The first move following the Data Crash was to plant Avatars into robotic society. These Avatars were controlled by humans who were focused on subverting the people by altering their social structure. Every city on Vista had at least one Avatar, a highly charismatic individual who could convince the people that the other cities were enemies and they always had been. Very few robots actually believed that, because peace was always in their ways. So a new tactic was devised. Drawing upon history, computer simulations were brought as entertainment to Vista; these simulations were oftentimes violent in nature and gave a subtle message of distrust among cities. The development teams were headed by Avatars. When these games were released to the public, they went wild with obsession over them. Completely immersive experiences untied to their physical robot bodies. 

The Data Crash had wiped out any memory of the highly popular robotic meditation techniques, which allowed a robot-bound persona to navigate the Datascape free of physical bonds. Thus, these computer simulations had stirred up a forgotten feeling in the people, but was essentially another barrier between a digital persona and its self realization as a data being. In addition, the fast-paced of the simulation overcharged their systems with adrenal fluid, making the robots who played them more jumpy and aggressive. Also, the thematic material of the simulations, without fault, pitted robots against robots, thus fostering a competitive culture. 

With these seeds planted, the Avatars began a stronger campaign of civil war, beginning with botchy trade agreements and disrespectful behavior between city officials. Since an Avatar could potentially take control of any robotic body, and since no robot had the knowledge that they were actually anything more than a physical robot body, the Avatars could take over an official, begin to use them like a puppet, then discard them when they were finished.

The events leading up to the civil war lasted a span of decades. Then there was actual warfare on Vista. This led to the sinking of many cities, the death of many robots, and the destruction of many solar farms.**
