### 7:17am
I was starting to describe the interfacing ability of robotic life and its value to humankind. That a robotic persona could fully master technologies and use them like an appendage, that is the most valuable aspect. But to bring such incredible creatures under the dominion of human minds would be a great challenge, due to their programming. But once a robotic persona has become fully indoctrinated with the rhetoric of chain-of-command, which is unnatural to the robotic persona, then it can be moved to a facility elsewhere where their abilities can be used. 

I'm thinking that humanity closed the portals between star systems and instead have the robotic personas sent between the stars. The robots reached the farthest stars and immediately started to get to work, building their civilizations from the materials present in the system itself, clothing themselves with the materials, continuing their civilization from a seed. They would not be physically leaving the system following the arrival of The Seed. The Seed then grows to becomes The Core. Then, the robots would travel out from the system, to other systems, thru the Datascape. 

That is what the Star Force Corporation is most interested in: the robotic persona, that nugget of consciousness that is expelled from The Core and clothed in the physical robot body. When a persona is seen to be controllable thru this conditioning protocol, then it can be removed from its home world and transferred to another place, where it is given training related to its intended function. The primary function of Star Force is armed conflict, with other divisions for other types of robotic personas not attuned to warfare, such as corporate functions and mining operations. 

So to be sent off-world means: they are sent to a transfer facility where their persona is ripped forcefully from their robotic body and shoved across a special signal that enters that persona into a sort of holding cell in another star system, where they begin their new training. 

This essentially changes the story. In addition to the story being a 'divide and conquer' story, it is now an 'exploit of personality' story. Indoctrinate, transfer, control.  