> *Another journal entry without an exact date; an obvious attempt to recapitulate my older creation myth with new flare*

Radiant, shining, eternal, existing outside of space and time, is the Realm of Light, where dwells the primordial Beings of Radiant Light. Each Being radiates their own potent form of the True Light; their mingling creates the Realm of Light. The timeless aeon of their mingling has created the many elements of the universe, material and non-material. The creation of the material universe, the deeds of the beings who dwelt in the earliest time of the material universe, and notable stories of the transformation of the material elements again into Light, is contained in these myths.

The heart of these myths is twofold: one, the entrapment of Light into the frozen forms of the material elements, and two, the work of beings who dwell within these forms and their transformation of these elements back into the many forms of Light.

It was a Being of Radiant Light who is called \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ by the Spiritual Travelers who first created the material element. Its creation can still be seen, by those with the proper spiritual sight, The Eyes of True Vision, forever recorded in the timeless halls of Akasha. \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ is a curious Being, always combining the radiance of other Beings together to create new elements, releasing them into the Realm of Light as little universes. The elements which we call material are brought under a single term, _Shada_, by the Spiritual Travelers, and _Shada_ includes a great number of different potent aspects, which are the many Radiant Lights condensed and frozen; so, truly, the elements of _Shada_ are the frozen radiance of the Beings of Radiant Light, who forever dwell in the Realm of Light.

When \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ first created _Shada_, it shot wild and out of control across the Realm of Light, capturing and crystallizing all it could touch, bringing it into its frozen path and uniting it in stone. Beings who touched it were completely drawn in, surrounded, transformed, and lost from their eternal freedom. One by one, the Beings of Radiant Light were captured and changed into _Shada_. Those Beings who could see this event occurring quickly used their own potency to transform and surround the _Shada_ in a mirror of its own making, reflecting it back upon itself, tricking it into believing that it had consumed the Realm of Light, making it seem like it was the beginning and the end of the entire universe.

Many myths were born by the birth of the material aeon; the Twii-Lii of the Broken Moon region in this universe tell the story of _Silena_, the Moon Goddess, who was the first Being of Radiant Light to step into the _Shada_ willingly, seeking her beloved brother _Ammar_, the Fire Eye, who was caught in the _Shada_ as it grew. The Twii-lii tell us that _Silena_ was assailed by _Shada_, and her light was nearly choked out by its stifling nature. But her love and desire to rescue her brother _Ammar_ gave her strength, and as she was brought into the _Shada_, she transformed herself into the heavenly shape of a perfect sphere, and her body became the glowing material they call _moonstone_, which illuminated the consuming darkness and revealed its secrets with a new light.

The myth of _Ammar_'s fall into _Shada_ is told elsewhere in this universe; within the _Kingdom of Sky's Fire_, which unites the planets of a great many stars in a single empire, there lives the story of _Ammar_'s first shining forth...

The stories are numerous, and all are known to the Spiritual Travelers, for it is they who can read the Records of Akasha and see all that has ever happened. The great theme of these myths is the transformation of _Shada_\-trapped Light back into its original form, oftentimes creating new previously unknown forms of Light in the process. 

So it begins... 

The Awakening of _Amman_
 The Shining of _Silena_
