5:06am
Some notable additions:

Holding \[spacebar\] reveals available nearby interactions. It reveals your available responses during a conversation. Holding spacebar is your general purpose heads-up-display. 

At the grain bank, you are given a written paper note with your current account on it. When the amount changes, you're given a new piece of paper (thus, the paper you have may be incorrect if you've been writing IOUs all day). 

At the beginning, going to the grain bank may be a long process. The scribe must read your account, may require some sort of identification or reference like a familiar face or a ledger slip. The scribe must walk to a scroll-shelf, pull out the record book, check your record, order a servant to get the bags of grain you requested / are depositing, do some calculations, then you can leave. Later on, when you have a reputation in the city, this all happens very quickly.

Reputation is gained behind the scenes. So are skills. You level up completely untold of such; you simply notice it from your character and your interactions with the world, and the world's interactions with you.

There are two possible side mission branches that can be combat-oriented: tomb-plundering, and conscription in an army. Army is combat-heavy and leads to the chance of death. Before joining the army, you agree and understand that this may mean your character's death, truly. You must truly weigh that out. Same goes for grave-robbing, as you can be ambushed by thieves, fall in a pit, get bit by a snake, all sorts of really nasty stuff can happen to you. In general, the game's perma-death is something to fear. While on the East Bank of the Nile, you're relatively safe; if you're bit by a snake, you have to visit the doctor and can't move as fast or swing tools; same goes for getting attacked by a hippo in the river or on the riverbank. There are dangers, but they impede, not kill. War and grave-robbing, however, are real risks to your well-being.

12:34am

Character
\-walk
\-collide
\-interact with...
    -item (pick up, identify)
    -object (interaction)
    -
