How can I make a game about Ancient Egypt that is imaginative, fun, and engaging? I like getting down to the nuts and bolts of societies; what are the people doing daily? I came across great RPG encoutners that starts players with nothing, as nothing, no class, no skills, only stats. I like that. It is a genius way to begin a game. I'd similarly begin a game such as this like that. I think the story is of a youth who listens to his grandmother's stories in the night, and goes to work in the fields in the day, to help his family support their livelihood. The first year is basic labour in the fields, and after harvest becomes a game of delivery. So the phases are twofold. As the years progress, you become the proprietor of the farm, and have the opportunity to learn new skills that can be of use in the coming days: hunting, fishing, planting new crops. By earning more, your farm can grow by more. Then, a few years in, a invasion befalls the demesne, and you must learn also to fight. Now, your true goal becomes apparent: support and protect your family and land. This land, this demesne, becomes your life, though occasionally you can take trips out to Thebes, staying to learn new skills. There can be a sibling-swap mechanic, allowing you to experience scribal life, craftsman life, and farming life, all at once through the eyes of three siblings; that, however, is pending the discovery of engagement with the gameplay. The 2D architecture I am currently developing for Unity will serve this game just fine. 

So then... What are the primary mechanical systems at work here? PlayerCharacter interaction with the world, first with simple agriculture. Sowing and harvesting grain. Later, new crops can be incorporated...

Combat will be introduced during games with children, he learns to swing a stick and use a stick in many ways: catapult over rivers (and people), push a boat, and more. Combat encounters are story-driven, not mindless droves of enemies. I'll explore the thought of a campaign with Pharoah's army for a sibling's story arc.
