Running an idea here. In the Egyptian game, the microchips that are recovered can be remade and redesigned, they constitute the raw materials necessary to break down and become new chip, printed from the source. The schematic entered using a circuit simulation blueprint that prints the board laid out. An entire electrical board can be printed out from one of these machines. Collect enough loose microchips out in the sands of the past, and melt them into new creations you'ce drawn up on your schematics program. 

Put these microchips together to perform all sorts of incredible feats within the game.

The next layer, digital items, schematics for example, can be turned into one-of-a-kind objects, password-encrypted. The password length would be low, and passwords would be solely made of certain Egyptian sigils within the game (any that can be entered using a special keyboard), and thus programs in the game can be written and exchanged 

No direct online exchanges will exist for the average person to share files with one another; a carrier must bring the item physically over to the next person, as the air is wholly resistant to air communications, requiring a physical connection of copper in order to make connection with another device. Thus, copper is coveted, any semiconducting material, though old microchips be plentiful now, the supply may run dry at any time.

In fact, the supply of semiconductors ha pooled into the hands of the very royal house of the Pharaoh and the infrastructure of Egypt. Thus, it is very valuable for desert villages to have, in secret, runners through the deserts who look for the remnants of an ancient world, melting them down for their silicon and copper.partsim