Always thinking further about my ideas. Starglass. In these stories I have given the divine role of the scribe a very high esteem. I have the thought that many stars will fall across the Earth and many parts of the whole equation of more successful, nay, futuristic technoligies will be introduced in part and parcel to each part of the earth's peoples. That each star would have a chunk of the story. I feel like the grand narrative would need to be worked out if I'm immediately weaving the whole world's cultures in the classical era together, so I don't think I'm going to do that at this exact momeny just yet. I'm wondering what I'll give to the society of Ancient Egypt at that time. i don't know the origins of the starglass. Time travel is a potential literary device. So are aliens. In fact I think those are the only two possibilities. Time traveling pods of information, or aliens (ancient aliens is an equal possibility). I like the idea of time travel quite a lot. This is all if I'm tying the present technological advances to the past. What's the core and central theme so far? Introducing a high, advanced technology into a time period with no conceptual understanding of these things. A juxtaposition, in the name of fantasy. I'm not sure why I want to do these things, but it's probably best not to spend so much enery trying to pry open the workshop and instead just get to creating the work. I'm enjoying the work very much so there's really nothing bad at work, since I'm following my heart! In the name of art, I follow my heart, continually. Onward, ever onward! 