**Monday December 20th 2021 @ 7:49pm PST**

# Re Construction

What just dawned upon me today was the realization that I have been thinking of constructing this videogame *first* with an enjoyable run-around-the-place vibe and so I was hoping to first get to work on the running, jumping, climbing, and pick-up systems, but now what I realize is the actual item of interest that needs to be first made is **the material break-down system** which lets the player **scan and see the contents of any electronics device inserted into it**. 

The device might be seen before and thus the Reconstructor has a memory of the device, or it may need to be opened (with a chance of damaging the components inside) by the robot, or opened by the player's character who can then write their own blueprint to the device by de-soldering each component and looking for some sign of what the thing really is. 

The player character can also improve their hand steadiness and ability to read the components (blindness could become part of the game, where the player's vision is not able to see near or far and has to be improved over time, though that might infuriate players and not be a fun mechanic possibly). 

Both ways, either letting the Reconstructor deconstruct the device, or the player deconstructing the device using soldering tools, then removing each component and hand-mapping the electrical diagram (which *can* be game-assisted, too, with the player's character speaking things it notices, and listing out its observations onto a tablet or paper-and-pencil; can also introduce a handheld scanner device to check each component most quickly, at the expense of the big experience boost that looking at the device can grant since the computer essentially does it for the character). 

The finished diagram becomes a **Blueprint File** that can be used, traded, copied, and encrypted. 

When that file is given to the Reconstructor, paired with the device that matches the Blueprint, the Reconstructor can then perform operations using that device's components, such as: 

- `extract Components from Device(s)`
-`extract Base Materials from Components`
- `run Program program-name from location-of-program`

The screen that appears from the first `extract` command will show the device fully deconstructed into a *tree* of components, and can be navigated in full-view of the entire tree, or close up to the component, moving one-by-one through the component tree; this view includes an information pane that describes what the Reconstructor (or other device running this program, since this can be fully plotted out ahead of time )).

Every Device has branches leading out to its Components, and every Component has branches leading out into its Base Materials. 

Components can be recovered, stored into cases, transported, and later used in creating new Devices, repairing existing Devices, or traded as currency at the ever-changing market rates.





# The Game World

It can contain a variety of items that are used in the real-world time of that apocalypse, which I'm going to put conceivably some time within the next thirty-to-eighty years or so (eighty is totally pushing it), I'd have to make some historical preditions if I want to get in deep to the lore of how the world had become what it was today. Maybe to lock away the cities into some sort of vault-like environments. **Vaults of natural biospheres which collapsed and led those inside into an immediate freezing of tech time**, I could equate this to the eruption of Pompeii for example. 

The average person does not know how to read nor write, and the computer relies upon the proper commands being entered in perfect order. Therefore, either an intelligent family member or friend can read, write, and execute computer programs, or a Scribe must be hired. The player may choose in which way they shall go with their abilities. Many opportunities for solving the problems of everyday life can be found in both programming and electronics engineering, and thus the player will have the chance, at each point, to choose how they will accept requests for their skills to be used. 

The story *could* take place within a short span of time when a hyper-advanced core nougat of society that broke off from all the rest and went into the sky have opened the doors to their only city on the Earth and revealed schools 

Ohhh man... the city in the sky is the city of Avatars, where-in there are no living people anymore; the last living person passed away long ago, many hundreds of years ago. They have now opened Schools for any to come and test in, to enter the City. Many people, but mostly the young, are offering themselves to take the trails and challenges presented there-in, to enter the City. None have ever passed its tests before, though many have tried...

The view. A great Tree stretches high between Earth and Sky. Above, fly glittering lights, between all the Heavens. Those with a *glass eye to the Sky* can watch and see very far into the stars. 

On our planet, Earth, the Avatars want to show us the universe. If we only trust them, and take hold. 

Our Tribal Elders do not want us to lose our opportunity to live fully on this Earth. Many of us need to stay, to nurture the connection we have with this Mother Sphere

"Humanity. We want you to help us. We have a map which can lead us far across the stars. We want you to join us in our reach across the stars."

We cannot achieve this alone, for to reach out would be to forget our Mothers, and our Fathers, and their home which was our home. We want yours to be a life which serves the purpose of bringing peace into your shared experiences as the whole of humanity. We have reached into the stars, not solely what we believe should logically take place."

"Then we will show them what the world of computers has brought to us within the city walls."


# The Two Scripts

Two syntaxes: words, or symbols

One uses a larger number of single symbols for tokens / operators, the other uses full words for tokens / operators