**Saturday March 12th 2022 @ 7:52pm PST @ Blueberry Castle**
As I develop a new Unity blockout of the level that is now becoming the Awakening Chamber of the character Ai, I am deeply feeling this work that is moving through me and it is effortless. 

Ai awakens within a huge futuristic factory sort of place that is filled with pods that contain fully-developed robots. The part that warmed my spirit was this story. When Ai awakens, a robotic being speaks to them. "This is your only life as a biological human being. When you die, you will awaken within one of these twelve vessels, and live out the rest of your days in digital consciousness. Welcome to your life, Ai."

Ai now navigates the way out of this place of awakening. Where I go from here, I have not yet decided. I believe that Ai will be a human, whose biology is encoded into the Sigil, a golden scarab which is grown into the middle of their chest. When they die, there is a wave that makes its way back to the Awakening Chamber. From that moment onward, Ai will live a digital life, in the body of a robot. They can retrieve their Sigil, their Cartouche, and keep it with them forevermore. In fact, at that point, a powerful union occurs that grants Ai special powers. More on that soon. 

That Cartouche will become instrumental in the next tale. Or, it could just become a part of this one. The Chambers of Rebirth could be on this world. Hell, I could find myself on the very same planet and part of the story that I had originally explored all those years ago in the Rebirth stories. And this could be a very late age, or rather, an age when life has abruptly left this place, or rather, departed far from it, supported now only by this great pyramid at the center of this world which spews water forth into the great river. 


Crocodile