**Saturday May 21st 2022 @ 11:31pm PST 2 Blueberry Acres**

I'm attempting to jump right in to writing a creative meandering from the perspective of a programmer that's kind of a dark magician in my worlds of technology in Rebirth. I envision this character to be a slightly mad man who sees the power that he has as a manipulator of machines and electricity. He then teaches others in his cult how to do so as well. Thus there will be another cult of computation that does not live by the creed set forth by the Scribal Academy. I see now a long conflict across the ages, great beings working through the people, weaving stories together into long arcs that span the ages. The earliest time I'm anticipating exploring is the last decade of the golden age of the golden river valley which I still do not have a linguistic name for, since I have not dove into the language for a very long time, though the documents are somewhere, my codex. Wow I remember that time, compiling my writing, collecting it all together into folios, I was so satisfied with myself and that process. And it feels like I've thrown something away, somewhere along the journey, at that time that I cast off paper and took on the computer wholly, when I began developing Pipil. I wonder if it was a premature advancement, a 

**Of course, more Ancient Future, Data Crash**
I've traveled deep into a tomb, where in I was greeted by a computer. "I have a golden key for you. It will open a vault, far across the country, in a tomb marked with the glyphs exactly like this one. Take this key into your tablet, and keep it safe. I will not give this to anyone else. When you take it, no longer will I hold it, it will be gone forever. Do you understand?" The computer gives its treasure: a single private key, part of a key pair which will open the vault it has spoken of. It will also give a coordinate entry which will be stored on the player's tablet. The player by this point will understand how the file system of their tablet has been structured. We're giving them a very blank, fresh install of Linux, headless and without a GUI. They'll have to construct their own GUI as they go along. Again, **Data Crash is a complete computer school in a videogame.**