**Monday February 28th 2022 @ 1:21pm PST @ Blueberry Castle**
I don't know if I can really call these 'Ancient Future Videogame' for much longer, since I am designing a narrative at the core, and I will develop the game around the narrative as time moves along. 

Now I can speak of the Data Crash stories, which are also the Rebirth stories in a certain light. I can see a merging of stories taking place. I decided last week that Data Crash would not be a tale set on Earth, or at least that connection would not need to be made at all for the narrative to hold its greatest value. Instead, Data Crash will exist in a world set aside from our timeline on Earth, a universe away. I can see that the Data Crash stories can exist within the Shaddah stories, the stories of Gondolla, the old myths that I had begun to construct nigh 6 years ago. That this people could have been united at a time, but turned their world into glass by weapons and war, and the bio-domes beneath the sands are all that remains of their once-great civilizations. And they sent out the Echo, which are robotic personas living entire lives within the galaxy of spiritual travelers, and that these people here are recovering their genetic birthright, grown from Reality Herself, to take up mantle in the spiritual universe. Though they will also live beside their own Echo, which has shown itself in many branches of expression. It is a myth that some of the Echo aid the Mirro, those husks of humanity, the Adanic beings that have had the Adani ripped out from them and are parroted about by the wills of other demonic beings, scourge of Gondolla. 

I had also seen a contrasting tale that I'd like to fit in there. A father figure and a grandfather figure, or rather two types of uncle figures. One is very wealthy, in a certain regard. He is fat, jolly, and happy. 

"My boy, look around at this, my garden of delights. I grow trees filled with fruits aplenty, my fields are laden with grain, my house is full of beautiful women. Know this, my boy, that Nature Herself is there, ripe for our taking, and that there is nothing you will gain in this world from being frugal. "

Across town, there is another. He is skinny, gaunt, tall, kind, and soft, albeit a little shrewd at times. His garden is small, sparse, but provides exactly what he needs. "There is no need to grow more than you need, my boy. That is a waste. If you grow more than you need, you will end up with more than you should have, and that throws the whole world out of balance, mark my word. Instead, if each person just grew what they needed, then we could all work together and remain in a state of equilibrium with Nature Herself."

Something along those lines. Introducing more food for the theme of abundance versus scarcity which can abound in this story. 

So that is a very exciting moment, for me, to see this tale taking shape and finding its place in the universe of my imagination. That allows me to bring all of my tales from the past decade or so into great harmony together. How interesting that my psyche presented some small images that I would weave together into such a grand narrative throughout my life. What a treasure, the human mind continues to be, and such a surprise to itself, eternally. 