**Monday January 31st 2022 @ 2:12pm PST @ North Bend Treehouse**
**Ancient Future: Ai's Beginnings**
I have pondered now many times about Ancient Future, and its story timeline, and I'm seeing something like thus. Ai is ripped from a past, as a youth, and brought into New Egypt as a newcomer. That would place the reader into it from that point of view. I don't actually see why he can't be born there, either. Anyway. I now see that New Egypt employs the people of Cataract to do a lot of the dirty work of manufacturing. Similar to the way we offload much work to India, the Middle East, China, etc. Homes and boroughs that are dedicated to a single craft. Metal workers, wood workers, and the like. An industrial sort of town, but without smoke stacks and all the like. Ai would be a great addition to this landscape, even being born in that region. 

"Those who are born in Cataract never leave. Except those who are accepted by the Academy. There are two ways out of Cataract: die in the desert, or get accepted into the Academy."

I'm seeing some Star Wars vibes coming about here. Tatooine sort of thing. So, Ai will be a young and spry type. He will help his father with errands, as I've described before. But something should happen which further challenges his family, and forces Ai to start working for Baboo the Junker. Baboo sends children into the wastes to look for old artifacts that can be melted down and repurposed. Thus, Ai becomes one of the runners. While he is out and about, he comes across a place that has a working desktop computer, but no power. He has to bring a power source, or take the computer with him and turn it over to Baboo. The computer will have information that will lead Ai to begin learning how to decode the wild world of electronics. That will give him a power over the others of Cataract. Anyone known to have working knowledge of electronics are immediately brought under the attention of the Academy, thus Ai's pursuit for knowledge will lead him to be taken from Baboo's service and transferred directly into the Academy's recruitment center in Cataract, where he will be trained and educated in order to pass his Preliminary Examination, which passing will get him a one-way ticket onto the train to the big city beyond, further up the river (the river is a thing again in this tale, now). He will be enrolled in the Academy proper, and begin service as an Apprentice to the Scribes, and be sent across the land to assist with the many facets of life. Through this, he will see the prevailing attitudes of the people, and learn more about their history, and place in the world. 

High up above in the skies are the remnants of the World Trees, which was a city in the sky connected to the Earth by many ribbon elevators. None of these ribbons remain connected, at this time, a separation of Heaven and Earth. Ai lives under these, and shadows are often cast upon the Earth by these bodies in the sky. 

Only the Scribes may enter the Valley of Unkani where the great Temple dwells, source of life and water to all the people of New Egypt. When Ai has gained all of the necessary accolades through his service to New Egypt, he will be invited to participate in the ceremony of graduation at the gate of Unkani. Once he is welcomed into the valley, that is when we will have the Echo occur, where the Temple responds in a way it has never been seen to do before. 

"When the Echo returns its call, then will be time for Egypt to rise again to the Heavens."