*Notes from 2023-11-14 were mostly migrated from an old Evernote vault, which puts their date of writing closer to late-2018, early-2019.*

“We are the constructors of universes. It is our lot in life to learn the intricacies and steps required to output incredible Matter into this world, we the builders of new worlds. With our magnanamus power, we will construct the bridge between worlds, visiting the reaches of space, mastering the elements of the skies.”

“Followers of Mata, are you?”  “Must you insist on personifying every force in this universe? Is it not enough that the greatness of the thing has shown itself as alive within our experience, must you collapse its impersonal glory into the droll of a human name?” 

“For you, these forces bear a spirit that is impersonal, and that is how you see them. Yet for me, I see their qualities and sense them in forms that you cannot fathom, with senses of my body, mind, and in the warmth of my blood, that you ignore in order to feel the colder, finer forces of the *thing* as you so coldly refer to the powers of the universe. I personify what has personality, yet it be a persona far different than the shapes of behavior for the human being. And you give them names, too, do you not, to delineate the forces and their interplay? What then is so wrong with my naming of them? Is it because your secret club has chosen to stick yet another flag into the eye of the great Mata and call it by whichever you please as we do, but declare your name the one and only? Save your pandering, you witless fool, though powerful your understanding may be.”