My work and imagination has been steadily focused since discovering Orca (was that really just yesterday?) on imagining the programming environment of the interesting ping-pong of peoples in my imagination: the creators of The Echoes, and the tribe who receives The Echoes on the other side of Gondōlla. It's funny that these two cultures are basically one within my imagination, just separated by an immense gulf of time, one the creators, the others the recipients, of The Echoes. In my imagination further, the Progenitor culture is also the same tribe of soul which receives The Echoes in the later epoch, and The Echoes then teach them the secrets of their previous life. This is under the presupposition of reincarnation of the human Spirit, which then gives rise to a vast network of questions and ideas, the next supposition being that if one individual is undergoing the process of reincarnation, then families, groups, even entire cultures are also undergoing reincarnation. A people engaged in a work could continue their work over the centuries, over the millennia, not only upon Earth, but also other planets in the galaxy favorable to the conditions required for their work to continue. Such is a major cornerstone of the stories of Gondōlla. 

And so the programming environment of this people, I haven't quite decided whether it be the first culture or second culture. But, either way, it is an environment designed with the thought in mind: Were a central power, rooted in an earlier epoch of development analogous with our second-or-third post-Atlantean epoch, to come into contact with the tools that a modern Programmer utilizes, the machinery, the infrastructure, the production of necessary parts, the sciences to support it all... what would come about? What would the computers, at their fundamental level, be like? What would their programming environments be like? What would their linguistic expressions be like? This sort of thinking is chief and center to this work. 

So, with the discovery of Orca, I see a two-dimensional, pulsing programming environment which emits signals over OSP, UDP, and MIDI protocols to connected devices, or over the network. I see that an environment is set up in two dimensions which can serve as a foundation for a spatial thinking which breaks free from older limitations of the "insert a punch card into the computer" thinking, which I somewhat believe has given rise to the file-and-folder architecture which is core and central to modern computing, yet the computer does not quite work like that, itself being a medium of other principles which works out from a sequence of events which trigger other events, which operates with a clock and triggers going out from that clock, which can 'retrieve' stored values by letting electrons through certain gates which are set to open or close at certain very specific times, what absolute fucking magic it is that while I type my file is being saved, displaying on-screen, can be copied, deleted, sent, changed, styled... All of this, happening beneath the simple act of my touching buttons that press shapes into the machine. So this language I am envisioning can operate in 'sheets' or 'layers' of two dimensions, the programs themselves can be incredibly beautiful, woven with art as a living principle, giving light and giving life to a class of creation we call Machine, Machina, Automata... Robots... Each sheet or layer is in two dimensions, but can be layered one atop the other. And when a third dimension is introduced, now it can be said that the travel of control or information moves across that dimension *and* the other, so that the xy axis is accompanied by the xz, and also the yz, giving rise to a mind-boggling degree of interconnection available, especially when variables and functions can be declared and introduced in other places of the program. On top of this mind-boggling programming environment, can be then added integration with several tools that all are handled via one single interface: infrastructure, IO devices, storage mechanisms, messaging protocols, all interfaced directly from the IDE. Further, a program's borders are well-displayed by its visual interconnections, the flow of data can be most accurately visualized (albeit a total mind fuck at times, but so is modern computing, so hey, no foul there) by the nodes and lines emitting from them, and the programmer would be provided tools to tag and track the various nodes and outputs throughout the multi-dimensional space (time is another dimension which would be considered in this environment). Every node would generate slots as-necessary for Outputs, Inputs, and Effects (other systems being interacted with by the function call itself). And each part of the compilation process would be visible at the click of a button; the code would compile, and show its assembler equivalents, which could then show its binary equivalent as well, right there in the IDE. As a backbone of the historic element of the IDE is the thought that the culture which develops this is highly centralized and hierarchical at the time of using this technology, that the person who uses this technology is part of a Guild that is highly protective over the users of its systems, that Ranks emerge and certain Honors which must be gained to perform certain acts, and that one device will suffice to interact with *all* other infrastructure, if the Programmer has the necessary permissions granted them by The Scribal Academy, all contained in their unique Signet. 

Then of course, this idea spills heavily into the thoughts of storytelling, videogames, and interactive experiences. That a 'player' in this world engages with the story completely through their Tablet, through their Signet, becomes part of the network of Scribes, being granted freedoms and abilities in a mythical world only given to a select class of Academy graduates, then given the quest of setting out into the open world to serve the people and roll out the technological revolution in an ancient-era landscape. And all the conflicts which could arise from this meeting of two completely different ways of life. Implementing machines within rural communities, causing them to become dependent on the Guild of Scribes... and the quiet rebellion which begins to stir when Scribes decide that what they see taking place as evil. 

Then we have the nice long arc of a massively-multiplayer online programming game, a storyline that evolves through player engagement, the immediate changes made in a digitally-imagined ancient-world society, and the player's active participation in the evolution of a world that requires their help, either to fix machines, or turn them to new purpose. 

> 10:13pm
> Office

Of The Echoes who land in this great valley... Of the storyline which is at work here... The story of Rebirth wishes to be assimilated into this tale, today. That it is amid a theater of war, a death of culture with the supplantation of another, while falls from the sky a force so unlike their own, their whole worlds are shattered, then remade.

In that great valley, where the river runs out in seven waterfalls from the great Holy Mountain, where Abu drags Ani out from the Chamber of Rebirth, it is here that this story will be born, that this weaving of tales will meet, where The Star will fall from the sky. 

At the height of battle, as Ani's soul is released to the winds, it is then that The Echoes will descend, ~~out in the desert just east from The Valley of Rebirth, just beyond the first low hills of canyon rock and sand, in an encircled place which is holy to the river people.~~ high above to a little valley near the peak of the Holy Mountain, The Metal Star descended.

In that act, in that moment, as a new power walks first through The Plaza of Eternal Fire, where a flame burns for each ruler reborn, into The Palace of Seven Waters, it is in this moment that the star falls from the sky. 

The people from over the sea, having come up the river, conquering every village along the way, assimilating a people, tearing a country apart, having broken through an old world intent on supplanting it with their way of life, then at the moment of their victory, the greatest jewel of all fell right into their power... so they would say, were they asked. 

~~But it is into a valley sacred to the river people, a place of meeting where The Wayfarers will gather, calling out across the stars to the forces at work within it, where it is said a bridge between worlds could be opened most easily, it is there that the great Metal Mountain descended, quiet and gentle as a spring breeze, coming to rest just a person's height above the level sands,~~ 

How the story progresses through its next phase; first contact, communion with The Echoes, resolution or escalation of the conflict between the two peoples, I am unsure. I can imagine that the conflict will take a very new character; that The Echoes themselves will become divided 