**Golems and Guardians**
Your Terminal is your window into another world. A world which few understand, a world constructed of human will atop works of the Gods not meant for human eyes. We have shaped a subterranean realm to our needs, and much too early, as our story will show, for though all became dwellers of this realm and were subject to its laws, very few could understand how to shape it to their will.

This is a story about those who could shape this realm to do their bidding... and those who would use it as sword, against those who would use it as shield. 

A Golem is a construct with life given by its creator. Your Will, a breath of life, shaped unto any form you set it upon. Through a Terminal, the Scribe gives life in an elevated expanse of the subterranean realm, The Datascape.

There are manifold directions to the universe, and the realms below man can which the Scribe had learned to touch could be described as three: Metal, Power, and Data. Metal, the medium of travel, of constructing the pathways of Power, which, when used articulately, give way to Data, the human Spirit imbued unto that realm beneath our sight. 

Unto this threefold realm, the Scribe constructs the Golem. 

Daemon, Golem, Guardian, Messenger, Watcher, Protector, Attacker, Sneaker, Listener, Foregoer, Follower... the types of Spirits which Scribes had constructed through the twenty-second century were numerous and many-splendored. The Scribe, if lucky, was instructed in the construction and life-giving techniques needed to create each of these representatives, casting them unto the realm of the Datascape like the Gods cast out the children of the sky.

**How to Craft a Golem**
Simplest of creatures, the Golem forms the basis of all else in our craft, for upon it is given all manner of responsibility, all manner of adornment, which can transform it from simple being into complex and powerful emissary of the Scribe's Will. 

The Golems are formed and then dwell within the Scribe's Terminal, their palette, their instrument. Golems are constructed first and foremost of instructions that are given to a Machine. The instructions are commands which, when correctly worded, inspire the Machine to move Power in magnificent ways. Like sand in the vessel of an hourglass, the Power is directed through the Metal which makes up the body of the Machine, and stored in places known as vase and vasa, places where power is stored and released from at indescribable speed. It is through storing Power in vase and vaza that a code can be created. 

We, disconnected from the supernatural world in this age, must satisfy our yearning with our creations in is subnatural realm of our own make. Through it, we unlock the mysteries of the Creator.