> Inception Date: 2021-12-08
> Tags: #rough-draft 


I, the **Great Scribe Seshatu**, shall tell you now of the tales of my youth, of my becoming a scribe at the school in Thebes, of the construction of my first computer, of my failures which led to my victories. Know this, reader, that you are blessed with one of the most pan-ultimate gifts that our society could have ever given to you, that is, knowledge of the written word and how to conjure these little pictures and shapes into full thought. Your mind is a flower, and you are now drinking deeply of the nectar of my thought, the nectar of my mind. But it was the gift of the gods, in the star which they cast down to the Earth, as the story of the Hellens told of Prometheus giving to humanity the gift of fire, it is the gift of Thoth to read and to write the sacred letters, but it is the gift of Nuut, this computer which I now write my deeds upon, the chip which stores the memory of my words within it, which now delivers these words of light into your eyes. The wonders which are at our behest, and the ability to control them, is a gift held even higher than the written word, and if you possess this gift, you shall never want for more riches, wealth, and power, for our Mother Egypt gives this skill the highest regard of all. So go forth, and serve Her, that we all may benefit from the seeds of your powerful mind. Make your mark upon society and leave memory of your deeds, as I now do for you.

It was in my earliest days, long before my memory can recall, when the Star fell upon Amarna and blessed Our Egypt with the gifts of the gods. I was destined, as the tale will tell, to dwell close to this place, and my father was a Scribe and teacher at the school of writing in Thebes. Such was his rank and honor that he was given entry to the compound built by Pharaoh around the fallen star in its earliest days, and it was my father who was among the first to touch the fallen star and read the ever-changing messages upon its glass. He was among the first to learn the Highest Script, Writing of the Gods, and then taught the first Scribes of Starglass to write in the very same language. 

From the star-glass, my father and his fellow scribes learned many things, which he taught to Pharaoh, and dispensed across all the learned ones of Egypt, to better the country and grow the strength of The Two Lands. This occurred at the time of civil war when the heretic priests of Akhenaten still ran from the might of Amun Ra, chosen and beloved of the gods, and it was ever the concern that they would acquire such knowledge also for themselves, as we now know they certainly had done. 

The priests of Aten escaped the wrath of our Pharaoh Horemheb and fled to their lowly capital, where fell another star. Lo, the star which my father had sought out was upon the west bank of the Nile, well within the reach of Pharaoh, and it is here that the most energy of discovery was concentrated. Around the star a wall was built, and any who were near to it were pushed away, and only those appointed and trusted by Pharaoh were given leave to enter, my father among them being great at the academy of Thebes. For three whole inundations of the Nile they were within those walls and provided all supplies necessary for their sustenance and study. It was during those years that I became awake to my memory, and I remember the joyful day of first meeting my father, and he brought me a gift like unto none has ever seen: a shard of glass from the stars which shone bright in the sun's light, and cast a glow into the twilight hours. I wear it still upon my neck today. 

The wonders which came into Egypt from their research! A new school was founded at the spot, and a tradition founded. To enter, first one would need to complete the prerequisite learning at the scribal academy in Thebes, where they would first be educated in the old ways of writing, and reading, and the natures, and the gods, and then begin education with the God's Language. Once mastering the script, they could then take their tests at the outermost temple of the Academy of The Star of Egypt. Passing this test, they then could enter the inner sanctum and begin their education.

This is the education which I had received, at the guidance of my father's first students who became my teachers. 

It was challenging to keep my mind to the task in my lower education with the knoweldge that something so wondrous and unseen was awaiting me just beyond my reach, that I would have to become so educated in ways I deemed archaic and dust-ridden before I could touch upon something so sacred as the glowing knowledge of the gods, touching the earth. Yet I studied still diligently, knowing my only path to the doors of the star would be thus. And for ten long years I toiled in my education, until finally, becoming master of the old ways, I was deemed ready to learn the God's Language. 

The language was incredibly mysterious to me at first, with no semblance to our natural world as the Hieratic; it seemed at once separate from this world and crafted with some intention that was not Egyptian in nature. 

I am he who crafted first the Glassworks of Passing by Night into Day. It is I who must be thanked for the work of such excellence, which has brought so many to the gates of Day beyond Night within the Glass Window. 
One who passes through this trial becomes immortalized within the Records of Akashi where dwell all memory of those worthy of being remembered in the days to come. 
O reader this, it is I who must be thanked for the immortalization of all these souls who have come within and been remembered in The Records of Akashi.

*This Glassworks piece is a program that was created by this Scribe and gives instruction for the passing of a soul through the doors of night into day. it is a cryptographic test which must be passed by understanding certain principles deemed important to the work of a Scribe at that time, in a religious and mysterious nature, in a type of occult schooling. No two tests are ever the same. They include the identification of key words and symbols in a randomly-generated document that is presented to the Scribe in series. Once the first secret is discovered, it is input into the glyphboard and submitted to the program, which allows the Scribe to enter the next page of the document. Once a Scribe has succeeded at completing the final test, they are considered to e Exalted and given the title Scribe of Akashi, and said to have passed the Door of Night into Day. Their Cartouche is inscribed into a blockchain ledger that records the successful entries of all scribes who have ever completed the test, rangin back 3,000 years.*