
This story is set in Ancient Egypt, a period I've always wanted to write within. The concept is, essentially, what if ancient Egyptians had access to computer technology? That's the opening piece that I'd wanted to deeply explore. I'd like to focus clearly upon this piece. I'd had the idea to set the narrative in the viewpoint of a tomb builder, a Crypt Keeper. Someone who designs tombs for affluent people, and is well-respected in Egyptian society. this narrative could actually be the apprentice to the tomb builder Maya of Akhenaten and Tutankhamun's reign. The narrative device which gives the Egyptians the technology to do this would come from a fallen star. This story would take place spanning many ages if I so desired it, so that I could continue to study the classics and the ancient historic societies that I love so damn much, and my lover also enjoys so damn much. So this writing comes at a very opportune time for me and I'd like to continue these stories so that I can achieve fame, fortune, and good graces long early in my relationship. If this can be the pace and flow by which I engage with my life then so be it! This is my dream, damnit. This story first came to be way back in Portland when I'd lived at Magik's house when I was about 21. I'd seen, in my mind's eye, a fly-over view of the Great Pyramid, but it was chrome, covered in metal, and all around it had emerged a city of metal and glass, and giant aqueducts drank the River Nile dry. 

Every young Egyptian scribe receives a tablet. Nay... they must construct their own tablet. They will have access to some devices which enable them to construct their device; a melting stick of some sort for soldering pieces onto a circuit board, for one. This tool, and the resources provided by the temple, allow them to build their very first devices, until finally they can build their scribal tools from memory. They also keep memory sticks and distribute them across the kingdom where needed. They write computer programs, perform repairs, protect people from fraud, and all sorts of other stories. It will be written in the ancient mode of speech and will include many anecdotes. 


**I, the Great Scribe Seshatu, shall tell you now of the tales of my youth, of my becoming a scribe at the school in Thebes, of the construction of my first computer, of my failures which led to my victories. Know this, reader, that you are blessed with one of the most pan-ultimate gifts that our society could have ever given to you, that is, knowledge of the written word and how to conjure these little pictures and shapes into full thought. Your mind is a flower, and you are now drinking deeply of the nectar of my thought, the nectar of my mind. But it was the gift of the gods, in the star which they cast down to the Earth, as the story of the Hellens told of Prometheus giving to humanity the gift of fire, it is the gift of Thoth to read and to write the sacred letters, but it is the gift of Nuut, this computer which I now write my deeds upon, the chip which stores the memory of my words within it, which now delivers these words of light into your eyes. The wonders which are at our behest, and the ability to control them, is a gift held even higher than the written word, and if you possess this gift, you shall never want for more riches, wealth, and power, for our Mother Egypt gives this skill the highest regard of all. So go forth, and serve Her, that we all may benefit from the seeds of your powerful mind. Make your mark upon society and leave memory of your deeds, as I now do for you.

**It was in my earliest days, long before my memory can recall, when the Star fell upon Amarna and blessed Our Egypt with the gifts of the gods. I was destined, as the tale will tell, to dwell close to this place, and my father was a Scribe and teacher at the school of writing in Thebes. Such was his rank and honor that he was given entry to the compound built by Pharaoh around the fallen star in its earliest days, and it was my father who was among the first to touch the fallen star and read the ever-changing messages upon its glass. He was among the first to learn the Highest Script, Writing of the Gods, and then taught the first Scribes of Starglass to write in the very same language. 

What do I hope to come of it? A finished novel. A real, goddamn finished novel. A science fiction novel set in Ancient Egypt, from the perspective of a computer programmer in that ancient time. The trials, tribulations, troubles, of the people who lived in that time. The developments that would come to be from the incredible wealth of knowledge that would pour into their society, the public works, the transformations in culture, and most of all, the core piece of their humanity. The changing of one thing, into another, by the advent of technological advances, much as our Roaring 20's had shown, this will be the era that these souls shall explore. A work of many souls, perhaps, a colletion of stories as the society changes over many generations, and the effects of this event on the whole of Egyptian society, and world society, forever. Perhaps a collection of short stories would be more appropriate for this sort of tale. That would certainly make this much more approachable, than needing to create some grand-ass narrative that I'd never finish. I can revisit the tales if I ever need to. Thus, these tales can be more easily published into slip-books, and sold among friends and fans. 

I will write these Egyptian stories then publish them to a Blockchain. The asset addresses will be put onto a special seal, on a papyrus roll, that is sent to the purchasees. The roll will have the story in print, with the digital version on-chain. The owner of these NFTs will gain exclusive access to a temple that I will design, a crypt, a programmer school, something of this nature. I want these stories to require a programmer to crack my code and then receive the NFT. They can then resell it, if they wish. I'd like to find a way to make money from this idea as well. Some of that blockchain money, ya dig? I'm pondering ways to incorporate the blockchain into this idea here. Cryptographic hashing is totally interesting to me. Maybe by finding a seed phrase hidden in my writing, some sort of mysterious key that I'll hide inside of the stories. I'm totally excited at these ideas. This can form a really beautiful part of my personality, my offering to the Earth. I'm not sure why these things interest me so much, but damn do they interest me. 

(From here, I wrote the first draft of [[Tales of the Galaxy/The Account of The Great Scribe Seshatu]]