This field of study wherein we read what is taught to us from the Star Glass has given the wonders of the Gods to us. It is no wonder that the nations of Nubia and the Sahara have come seeking these secrets, but we shall give them none of it. We are Egypt, mighty in the eyes of the Gods, given this gift which none other have received. Although there is rumor that the Mittanis have also received a star, it is a lie, a farce, a fallacy, for there is no nation like Egypt that is blessed with the favor of the true Gods. Our new knowledge will rise us out of the squalor which we once thought to be the glorious way and bring us to live among the Gods in the Heavens. Deep within the archives, I have discovered tales and drawings, deep on the other end of the mathematics which we still are deciphering to understand, there is a boat which can rise us up and into contact with the Aten, to rise and be among the living stars in the heavens, and it is from there that we shall build the newest reaches to our empire which will rule over all the land beneath the sky. 

The ways of the gods are mysterious, yet those who have learned and prostrated before them are given pieces of their knowledge, bless them for their gifts. It is apparent that Egypt has been given such an important gift and now we must lead the rest of this world of men in pursuit of the stars. I shall continue to hold the gate. 

I was taken before the Mittani king and given many torturing hits upon back and head, brought within an inch of my life, and told to divulge every detail which I possess in regards to the fallen star. I would not share even a word gleaned from this knowledge. I am pained to say that they have somehow learned that the starglass shards are given to each of the high scribes and are placed within their skin, as mine has been placed within mine, and I am most pained to say that the Mittani king has had my left arm removed and the piece of glass was recovered from it, and they now possess my piece of glass. With it, I fear, if they ever send a spy or succeed to break through the many-walled compound (which shall never happen), that they could now use the star glass to recover the information kept within it. I am worried that my arm will be used to destroy our beloved nation and give secret knowledge into the courts of the easterners. May Pharaoh forgive me as I prostrate before ye one thousand times over. 

These wonders of the godly world were bequeathed unto us. We now know of new techniques that the gods themselves have used in order to cultivate their land for incredible harvest. It seems that 

Here is the record of those Overseers entrusted with some part of the whole schema of our learning. To each is given information as necessary for the furthering of their fields in accordance with the God's Knowledge: 

Overseer of the Grains - given a tablet and education concerning its use in order to better assist the recording of numbers and communication of numbers across vast distances instantaneously. Also given instruction to construct storage and distributuion granaries by specifications set forth in the God's Knowledge.

Overseer of the Irrigation Canals - given instructions for the construction of pipes to carry water inland to the encolsure farms

Overseer of the Farms - given plans and schematics for constructing enclosure farms in the untamed deserts

Overseer of the Roads - given instructions for constructing the moving roads between the enclosure farms and the nearest cities, wherein the Overseer of the Grains was given instruction to construct new distribution and storage granaries which will be interconnected by the moving roads.

Overseer of Health - given recipes for new heath serums and potions which will aid in the curing of ailments which plague our Egypt

To these Overseers I have given instructions this day. Each has given their seal in accordance with their receiving instructions and have now given promise to complete these tasks at their ability to do so with greatest speed for our Egypt. 

To the lesser scribes who are first entering the temple are given first lodging in the House of Learning. They are instructed in the ways set forth within the God's Knowledge for the creation of the Jewels of Language that are crafted within the compound.

--

It's tricky to write this stuff because I'm essentially giving a bronze-age civilization the information and information only for manufacturing transistors and machines capable of their use. I could instead give them a different sort of material like a crystal that is used for many parts of these things. The crystal could be charged by the sun, that would be very Egyptian in nature, and the crystal would be hooked up to the Star Glass to get the major download necessary to program the crystal with an operating system and everything contained within, which would be somewhat interesting. I don't want to deviate so far into fantasy, and instead stick a little closer to science fiction, but then again, if it's flowing then I should let it flow. An ever-present complication in my work, which I'm still unsure how to resolve. Not sure, really. I'm having a lot of fun in speculating though. once the information is in their hands, they will have to make sense of it. And I still don't know where these things are coming from. It can also come from a parallel dimension, I realize, where in the development of their people have come to this conclusive place. Programming would still potentially follow the same lines of thought but be kept in a different sort of medium. How would programming be seen differently I wonder? If it were reinvented from a different basis, built upon different lines of thought. I don't think that's necessarily possible really. I think I could still entertain readers deeply with thoughts of the nature that I've laid forth so far. 

** 

I will print scrolls which detail the different overseers and the tasks they have been given, crafted with ink traditional to that time (carbon powder from cooking vessels and fireplaces, mixed with gums and water). Written in Ancient Egyptian, first and foremost, then secondly written in The God's Language, which I have not yet created, I thought that English might serve for the time being but that's kind of lame. Binary could work, honestly, but that would coincide with ASCII, but also there's ASCII for Egyptian heiroglyphs now I do believe so that could totally serve the purpose.