The region enclosed within The Divide are called Dagane, The Lands of No light, and these regions were partially illuminated by the flowering of Dalun, The Twilight Star, into six regions with six regions connecting them. When Dalun had completed its flowering, a great region of the darkness was illuminated, but they were empty and void of all life. Thus began the creation of the first Suns, which could go forth from Dalun and illuminate more of the darkness. And this was done, and the suns were made of the material that was the light of Dalun, and in several hues which gave them unique characteristics which propounded unique harmonies from their interaction. Into the darkness these first suns travelled, not far from Dalun, and when they illuinated the darkness there, they found orbs which were created in the first ages of Eda, the dwelling place of the beings of light which had become trapped, ensnared, polluted and transformed by the shadow. The beings of light who looked upon these orbs of shadow could not see them truly, but saw only the absence of light, and thus they could not describe them nor know their composition or character. The orbs were the embodiment of the shadow element Sishad, and this element streamed forth from them as light emenated from the suns and stars, and these two elements repelled each other, and the suns could move no further into Daganen. 

At this time the being named Amunsiri came into Dalun, finding it not of his character, he left in an orb of his own making, cast from the 'spirit colors' and capable of taking on hues of the shadow, for he alone could craft of mingling shadow with light. But before he had gone, he taught this science to hs kin who dwelt in that region of Dalun, Sirina among them, and they began experimenting with the shadow in order to better understand it. From this science, they crafted suns that had shadow mingled within them and cast them drom Dalun in a cluster, called Lugune, the Region of Moons, so named for what next befell those suns. 

The Shadow could not be sustained in the light and was drawn out by the pull of the shadow orbs, calcified by their power and hardened to become a new material, Dark Stone, which could reflect the light of the suns and also the shadow of the orbs. The two opposing forces now fought over the direction of the Dark Stone's motion, and caused it to rotate and spin out of control, and the first moons shattered into dust, beautiful and also terrible, and that region, is now but dust in the void. But Sirina had been within one of these suns as its master, and was present when the moons ripped out from its bosom, and she felt it like a tearing of her own soul and two and she died but half, leaving a part of her forever touched by the shadow, and she could now see as no other being of light could, knowing shadow. The sun she bore, too, was changed, and became smaller and its color changed. 

She returned to Dalun and shared her visions with ehr kin, and many of them undertook the initiation which she bore, casting shadow and light together and traveling to Lugune as Sirina had, and transforming a part of themselves to become touched by the shadow, and they gained the sight which she had, knowing shadow. And each being of light who passed through this initiation drew to the same conclusion; the light cannot pass through the shadow and the shadow cannot pass through the light, and they cannot be mingled by any power of science which had been made before. 

Sirina returned to Eda with this knowledge and presented it to The Three, and they conferred upon it for a time. When they emerged, Matana stepped forward, stating his intent. He descended his throne in Eda, and moved through The Door of Night and came to Dalunen. There, he fashioned himself a dwelling and set it apart from Dalune where he could begin new work. 

~~In this time, Matana took a single shard from Davirinan, The Sword of Light, and broke it a great million many times, and imbued these shards~~

Andalne, the great ...?

Before leaving Eda, Matana went to An Aun Alne, The Temple of Aun, and requested a boon: to have more of the metal which made Davirinan, The Sword of Light. Knowing Matana's purpose, Aun spoke regarding it.