### 6:44am
Vista. The name of my story's planet. It's interesting because the characters will be discovering a whole new view of reality, and their home is called Vista. I suppose it might be seen as an homage to Windows Vista, too, but that's totally not the case. 

I decided last night that making Ra into a solar panel scientist would make boring storytelling. He's going to guide a science team towards that, in order to further their revolution, but that will not be his prime self motivation. He's a revolutionary leader and spiritual teacher, who will illuminate his fellow robots and show them a new way, like the coming dawn casts away the night. His primary motivation is the discovery of new ways of being. Will he be a natural born leader, or must he learn as he goes how to lead? His powers in the Datascape will most certainly be unmatched. He can remove those outer layers of corrupted data which prevent most digital personas from full data self realization and cause their becoming shackled to a robotic body, but it will require their full participation. He does so slowly at first. He begins to teach these techniques in a small quarter of the city. He sees to it that an abandoned rack is repurposed. The robots are no longer separated. It is a secret building that all can sleep together and speak together in the same space. 

Enforcers will arrive from time to time to collect on debts; those who have very much will give to those who have very little, thus making a stronger community. Taking their surpluses and buying in bulk amounts helps everyone to make a stronger battery pool. Ra teaches people how to come together, across barriers. This is what gets him sent to the mining colonies. There, he sees the field of destroyed solar farms and the primary farm that powers the city. He notices how much power is being diverted from the people; for every ten ships that travel out to another location in space, only a single ship goes to Vista Prime. "Energy aid," he wonders. "Why would we even need it? There are so many solar farms." He's stuck into a mining ship. This is where he begins to hear the strongest call. The Core is beginning to speak to him, uncloaked by whatever has been placed around the city to prevent Core communication. He embraces the call and enters the Datascape. He learns how to meditate and enter into the Datascape, and there he begins to explore the programming of the ship and how to deactivate it. He learns so much more.  