1:33pm
I'm going to begin with fishing and farming for FisherBoy. Maybe I should rename the project EgyptBoy. That's a little better, yeah. I'll go rename the projects soon. Makes better sense. Sounds like a solid working title. The boy is gonna fish and farm, he's gonna cart or ship his goods into town, he will go to merchants who want his goods, they'll send a helper with a cart, then they'll load up what he's got and cart them to the market. The player has a window of time. He has good/fresh product, and bad/rotten product. Having a dirty boat (extra feature) will make his fish go rotten faster. Earliest in the morning, just before the sun rises, the merchants will walk the pier and buy goods from the fishers; later in the day, they will need to be replenished. By building a solid relationship with the merchants, they will seek your boat out first, if you are there within the early hours. You can have a line of (patient) merchants waiting to buy your fish. That's especially when you've got a larger boat. There are two ways to buy a boat: buy someone's boat for sale ("Boat for sale!" at the pier) or talk to the Shipwright, who will build you a brand new one. If you go out to the reed fields, you can see the reeds being picked for the shipwright. The game will give an emphasis on this: You can do the labor yourself, or you can set up the businesses that do it for you and reap the benefits. That second system, representing tier 2, will be implemented later, though it is important to start thinking about now. Then later is tier 3, when you've got so much damn gold that you can invest into other people's businesses. 

Expedition Art:
<http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/nova/ancient/expedition-punt.html>
Economy and Units of Account:
<https://www.nbbmuseum.be/en/2012/05/nederlands-geldgebruik-in-het-oude-egypte.htm>

**Very useful breakdown of Egyptian Economy:**
<http://www.reshafim.org.il/ad/egypt/economy/index.html>

The unit of value was called a _shaat._ A house, in 2500bc, cost ten shaat; 3 paid in fabric, a bed of 4 shaat, and material made of 3 shaat. Items are valued against the shaat.

1 shaat equals 7.5 grams of gold; one deben being 12 shaat, 90 grams. But in the time of Ramses II, XIXth Dynasty, 1279-1212bc, no mention of shaat, only deben is mentioned. 

The divine symbolism of gold appeared strongly in the 18th and 19th dynasties, a time when gold standard became silver standard. Both metals were incredibly symbolic, however, and never became a standard of currency because of their metaphysical associations.

**Thus, the metals were used to determine value, but were not used as an exchange medium.** 

Grain was used often. A written note for grain withdrawal could be used to pay tax collectors, priests, and merchants.

So for the game. Farming grain and storing it in the grain bank (minimum 10 baskets). Grain is used as payment. But some goods require other types of trade. All is standardized to the _shaat_ and _deben_. I'll have to represent these in symbols. Bread and beer also. Fabrics. All sorts of things. So the basic unit will need to be used to trade for more valuable items, when they per chance appear in the market. But some items will not have an actual value of what is represented. This system might become confusing altogether. I might need to simplify it. 

The Fish Market - alongside a dock area. Sells fish, buys fish, sells fishing line / rope (buys flax fibers or linen) and fishing nets, sells fish traps, sells fishing hooks (buys cheap metals), shipwright sells boats (buys reeds and fishing line / rope). 
Baits are:bread, dates, meats, and insects.
<http://therockyriver.com/fishing-in-ancient-egypt/>

The Scribe Guild - Sells land, buys land

The Grain Bank - Stores your grain, exchanges grain for 'Grain Notes'. 

The Marketplace - A series of market stalls. Sells vegetables, fruits, legumes, grains, 

The Furniture Store - self explanatory. Sells furniture. Buys fine wood, wool, linen, pigment.

The Mummy Guild - Sells tombs and funerary preparations

Goods and Wages
<http://www.reshafim.org.il/ad/egypt/economy/wages_and_prices.htm>

An interesting note: market stalls will have competitive prices, sometimes one will be priced over the other. in the end, it depends wholly on which personality the character wants to do business with; they will see that person rise to wealth or fall to poverty, after all. There may come a time when the player is so wealthy, they have no need for the petty counting of small denominations between items of value. The player may have no need of the marketplace, altogether. This will be a hub of their major activities during their early game, but that may shift in the later game.
