### 9:33am
I’ve come to understand a very important thing today. Ra is not alone. He is being taught by another. By someone in the Inner City who disguises their ability very well. They have carried an ancient secret, despite the attempt of the Star Force Corporation to eradicate it. The ability to enter the Datascape. To identify real Personas from Avatars. And this individual will see in Ra the power to do the same. Like a spiritual guru, Ra will be taught by this person, Clear Mind. Clear Mind is a genius of computer science and a programmer of HoloKeys. It is advantageous that the Star Force Corporation cannot see when a robot has the ability to enter into the Datascape. Star Force is very confident in their ability to suppress the robotic mind through its use of multiple channels of control. These are all, without fault, psychological in nature.

There are many technologies that can be directly interfaced with robotic consciousness. 

I’ve made the Outer Ring of Vista Prime into a sort of slum lands. I’ve inserted characters who can be Ra’s friends. Are these going to remain in the final draft of the story? I wonder. I wonder if Vista Prime needs a slum land. If it needs to be so impoverished. I am not so sure yet of the intentions of Star Force Corporation with these robots. I haven’t quite discovered their intentions yet. Robotic labor seems to be the easy choice. It seems honestly to be the only choice. But if robotic labor is the aim, then why would so many robots be impoverished? Maybe what the corp is trying to do is weed out the ‘good’ robots from the ‘bad’ robots through psychological testing. By creating a black-and-white version of success and failure. By seeing which robotic personalities will adapt, which will make it to the Inner City. Those who cannot will either lose hope of life altogether and be recycled, or they will show the will at least to survive and join the mining colony. But those who join the mining colony need to be of sound ability and non rebellious. Therefore I can see that they will not be prisoner types. They will choose mining like a career. So they need to be psychologically well.

Why would the Inner City be so close to the Outer Ring? It could inspire rebellion. Or it could inspire conformity. I’m not sure of which. Can there be an off-world city? A city in the atmosphere? A special place to go? Hmm. It changes the flavor of the story. Maybe this. The Inner City is just the upgrade. The next step. Those that prove they can do really well there are promoted off-world. To the Corp’s headquarters, for example. 

Is there any good use for a robot? As mechanical minds? As interfaces? As interfaces. A robot can take orders from a human, if controlled psychologically. And a robot can control incredible technologies that a human cannot. So the Star Force Corporation uses robots to maintain their fleet. 