### 8AM Mumbai Time

I think more about Data Crash. I think about the people within it. I think that I can go with a "vault lockdown because of thermo-nuclear war" route and be totally fine. Like, there are people who went underground, or better yet, onto some revolving space station. Ideas. Anyway the song remains the same: These humans escaped thermo-nuclear war and lived their days within some sort of self-sustaining base; a base which grows its own food, processes it, and gives it to the humans through feeding tubes and IV injections. The humans had to begin an effort at fixing the terrible destruction. The Earth was broken and irradiated. Thus, next began a great effort at terraforming, and this was done through robotic avatars. The Avatar System was already in place before the war. In fact, most of this was already in place. There were satellites sent into space with all that would be needed; the first robotic avatar vessels, the terraforming tools, regenerative energy panels. When the war happened, the people who were behind this project went underground. Then the Earth was utterly shaken. Every major city destroyed, and much of the countryside irradiated. For a century, underground, the people lived and made a second, third, fourth, generation. Finally, they called the tools down from the sky. These landed in the major bioregions of the Earth where the restoration could begin. Only a handful of scientists could use the Avatars, since there were so few made at all; but a public outcry from the underground colonies: "we need to see the Earth. life underground is not the life for a human." So they chose instead a simulacrum, through the senses of the robot, to experience the world they had lost. But humanity became lost in it, living on the surface and not living underground. They chose, inevitably, to venture forth, into the robotic age, permanently merging with their robotic self. The Core records every personality which enters into an Avatar, and then recreates it to produce non-controlled robots. Robots which are the mirror of those personalities. Why? I'm not quite sure yet. I am sure that I will find out :-). Did humanity totally die? Are we still living below? Are our personalities which are stored and played out through the robots the only thing that remains of us? Does a robot gain sentience, finally, and engage directly with The Core, The Datascape, and come to learn more than any has learned before?

This story has so many damn threads, potentially, but I like the "set on Earth" story because it connects it much closer to us as humans. Because it becomes our story.

The major question lies in this: Are humans still alive, but living in their robotic counterparts, totally unaware of their actual being? Or, did humanity die out long ago, and the echoes of their personas are paying themselves out in the robotic age? I like the second; it takes a step closer to the moral, while leaving out what might be a) too Matrix-ey, and b) optimistic. I could say that there is an algorithm, "The Infinite Life Protocol", which records as much seed data as it needs to produce new robotic personas. I could say that this algorithm mixes pieces of people's personalities often, birthing new ones. No, that's not it at all: a persona is born just as it was recorded; through the course of its life, it is altered, and recorded through its process. By the end of the robot's life, two personas can now be born: the original, and the changed. Both will be born again, but without recollection of its former lives. Though, it is possible that such a recollection could occur, when Amun Ra begins to uncover people's minds. He can discover that The Core records all things which pass into, are processed within, and pass out of, a robotic life. The memory is tied to the robotic persona as a block-chain of lives they have lived. This block-chain is inaccessible to any but Amun Ra, in the beginning. This poses the question: When an Original is born, does this block-chain begin, or does it tack on from the past? Hmm... Every time an Original is born, wow this is a possible paradox.

It can go something like this: It can be for entertainment, it can be for escape, that people choose to enter into an avatar, itcan be like an entertaining form of 

### 4:45am Mumbai Time

Data Crash is set in a future Earth. What is it that inevitably caused humanity's end? 