...I sing praise to the Moon who departed from us to carry the shadows of the world upon her back, but left us with the divine Water which we drink. I praise her for the Letters which her angels have taught us to use, to merge deeper with our minds. I praise the bringer of Fire into the blood, who reminds us today of great strength in passion and desire, but also of their falling away from the Path of Light. I praise the Great Initiate of Jerusalem who carried into the Earthly human sphere that which I AM...

These and many more such praises I have found buried and imprinted in a magnetic circle.

The story is the rediscovery of his work in the previous age; my work, really; I am writing of my rediscovery of the work that I have done in this life, when in times to come I will be born in a time that is parallel with the incarnation of Ahriman. I must navigate this cold rationale, balancing with the passion fire of the soul, but utilizing this equilibrium for my higher development. No, that does not feel correct. The middle path has been revealed by the Great Initiate of Jerusalem. 

This school that I am entered into the service of, what is its true purpose? Why does this institution stand to exist, and why do the minds of humanity pour through its halls, what do they seek? That shall be the effect of all this so-called learning which leads to naught of the growth of the soul?

A recapitulation of Egyptian initate-hood, an awakening of the Initiate within by utilizing the methods of learning and knowledge. Will he ever encounter another living Initiate? Or, must he utilize the Ahrimanic beings to carry this knowledge between them?

“Though we do not meet in the living flesh, we are bonded and united by the Emissiaries of the Lightning Earth. Let us remember their purpose, when they themselves have forgotten it, and together we can liberate them from past mistakes.”

I will utilize these beings of Ahriman in order that I may develop the I AM within me. I shall fill my blood with the warmth of fire-from-air and remember that the dark beings creep in to the body which holds spaces of cold and make their unholy homes. 

At the time of his living, some humans will dwell only in the digital realms, the Datascape. These cyber-naughts will use the body only as an instrument to sustain a digital life, and their bodies will become extremely cold, and the Ahrimanic beings will cling to them closely. These will be the hosts of Ahriman’s spirits. Their feet will cleave and their skin will dry and crack. 

There will emerge a divine order which places this discovery, a magnetic disc, into a recapitulation of mystery knowledge and the order which emerges will learn to perform the transformation of evil. 

They will learn that The Destroyer, a Data Being that was responsible for the Data Crash, lives in the service of Namhain, the lord of Namirha, and he seeks desperately to interrupt their order’s developments.

This main character must be female. She will be I in the next incarnation. 

The magnetic disc will, for a time, be a device that will pass knowledge onto those who encounter it, who truly understand the contents, but the rational mind will curdle at thoughts which are contrary to what they have been conditioned to believe, and it will create a great inner conflict, one that faith alone cannot overcome, but rather a trust born of the digestion and transformation of the inner capacities of thought and knowledge.

I wonder if they will leave Namirha, seeking other lands which still remain in service of the good path… I would think not, for that path must be found instead in the transformation of what is, not in the seeking outside of that. 

So when she begins to write computer programs in later times, she will utilize what she has learned and then weave it into her work. She will go forth and reach those who are lost within the Datascape and bring them divine knowledge by creating computer simulations of what is contained therein. Through visualization, she will instruct their minds, and instill in them a desire to leave the Data Realms and seek their living spirit again. But this will create a split: those who wish to remain in the simulation, enjoying her work as only simulation, but then those who understand the work itself, and choose to begin to engage with it and see its results. 

Electricity merged with the human nervous system… Impulses that steal away the experience of being truly human. 

The Continent of Dzumro and The Empire of Namirha

The blind man who could see. He made music with his very being.**