**Day of Creation

In the time of Ahriman, the world shall be covered in stone. The veins of nature will be brought below, and through the stones shall run veins which pulse with electricity. All the Earth shall be brought into the service of humanity, yet those impulses alive within them shall serve many beings, not chiefly that of Ahriman. 

What lives within the hearts of humanity at that time?

There lives a boy in that time, who isborn into a life of service and labor. He has a quick mind, always learning. He cares for his mother after losing his brother and sister, their father never entered their lives. 

In this time, long after the first internet was scrubbed completely by an artificial intelligence, relics of the past are those which were never connected to that network. Information from that age is hoarded, guarded, and still much remains undiscovered. Vaults of data stand as myths to the Great Library of old. Satellites fell from the sky and littered the Earth, or still fly above, waiting to be scrapped. 

In this time, the Earth is covered over in cement, stone, rubbers, polymers, plastics. Great highways and rivers of electricity and data run to and fro. Atomic energy quickly burns away and powers the planet. Sunlight farms. Water production and desalination. Mm

Who is this boy then destined to become? What part in the development of humanity shall he play? Face to face with Ahriman, yet what lives within this boy will still be that stream of humanity, and from where shall it come?

This boy comes from the Land of Many Rivers, a place where much of the world’s water is produced and then pumped from. While many of his companions go into the waterworks, he has a great interest in electrics, and information, and loves to tinker with junk and scrap to create wondrous devices. His course of life will take him out from his home, and he will be invited to attend a school that will further his learning. A great interest is expressed by higher learning center in Namirha, the capital of their world order. This is where he enters deeply into the service of Ahriman, but yet utilizes his knowledge for greater good, transcending the cold influence and bringing these aspects into the service of the higher impulses of wisdom and human growth. 

He will meet the personality of Ahriman while he lives on this Earth, yet he will know that this is not a being he shall serve; like a Judas of sorts, he will serve another being, that radiant one from the sun who has born for us the I AM. 

---

  

“That area is set to be destroyed by highfire. It will be cleaned for radiation and then ready for complete rebuilding to Namirhian standards.”

“I like gardens such as these; well-ordered, every plant set in its right place. Controlled.”

This eyes were small like beads of obsidian, his nose was long and hooked, and his chin protruded just far enough for his face to look like the sneering crest of a moon in first light. He rarely smiled, but when he did, the look instilled a sinister sort of feeling, as though here stood a man whose very being was contrary to the inner needs of humanity, a great manipulator, a terrorizer of nature and all that is true in the world.

“Please take these devices and translate them into a code that our machines can understand.
