**Tuesday December 21st 2021 @ 7:51pm PST**

Humanity was torn. At the height of our need for the devices we carried in our pockets, placed inside of our automobiles, and ran our whole communications upon, ransacked and strong-armed away from us. A Hegemony turned upon us, The People, and we were left to fight for what scraps remained behind.

First, there was a call: to all who know how to write computer programs, to any who know of electricity, batteries, and the sciences of energy, come forth! Learn all you may, and then come to us, to be fed, to be cared for. When the knowledged were captured in little nets, then the order was placed, to seize all means of production which manufacturered microprocessors, batteries, and silicon boards. A ripple of war, across every continent; this had been planned for, by many different powers, for a very long time. Turned from the capitalist's hands, the directors and stakeholders of these factories were left with nothing available, by law nor by force could they hope to take back what was being taken from them. 

Then, in that day, some scientists and engineers who escaped the Hegemony met in a secret hall beneath the sands. They said:

"Here, we will create a means to make an Echo into the skies, which will pass beyond reach of the Hegemony and take flight to the outer rim of our Sun's orbit, and there, in the coldness and the void, they will wake up, and begin *their* epic story."

So they toiled for three decades, there under the sands, sending searchers across the globe to collect items of engineering now coveted and guarded by the Hegemony's watchful eye. 

"Be careful of weird little hidden gremlins in your codebase. Clean your operating system often! You'll never know what sort of parasite might sneak in with some files you found in the wastes!"

**9:13pm**

Ah, it has come back around. Energy Credits are consumed by any who need to use power, either to fill their batteries, or to use direct into their buildings. 

Lots of buildings use electricity, and thus need electricians to manage.