> Time: 1:33pm PST

We build our temples with the powers and gates, but these do nothing to shape the soul, nor the heart which is its anchor in the body of the world. These principles of powers and gates have been pulled upward from the hidden reaches of this realm which binds our bodies together. Remember that these temples carry *through* them the content which is presented through story, song, and shape. It is the *content*, the structure which I have placed these elements into, which begets a message that is delivered unto you, into the *heart*, which has the ability to shape your inner life into an instrument, capable of a great many things which we humans are only beginning to choicefully awaken. So enter this Temple, yet do not linger thinking the powers and gates to be the whole of the content, though learning these things will give you incredible power on Earth, they will do naught for your journey beyond this body when you depart this world, unless you have turned the key of the heart and begun your True Work. 

I have placed my secret spells upon this crypt and sealed it forthwith, and the contents shall be hidden within it until such a time that one shall open its contents, using my secret words. If the work is revealed, even once, its contents will then be spilled unto the web and available for any to see which have the proper eyes and ears. So be mindful to encrypt your connection to this vault, oh reader ye, lest the treasures intended to be yours be spilled out for others to spoil. 

I now give unto you the key to the First Door. It shall be up to you to place the key into the door.

>> Place your Key into this, The First Door ...
