**Friday December 17th @12:56pm PST**
The videogame is the tale of a young scrapper in a far-distant future where humanity and digital civilization had collapsed, but a small nucleus continued on, and eventually re-emerged from a dark age, after the Data Crash, and began furthering their engineering sciences. Their society is somewhat styled after the ways of Ancient Egypt and they have adopted many of the old Egyptian proactices, including the language, but also English and its linguistic symbols are so prevalent as the chief language of programming, so there is a parallel communication stream between the two. Egyptian symbology is woven trhough with computer symbology. But that's not the core of a videogame, that's the fluff. The game itself is the story of a young boy who collects microchips and tech scraps from the ruined city wastelands left behind by our future people. It is an illegal thing to do, so he is constantly on the lookout for Defenders, programmed by the Hegemons in The Golden Script which is known only to High Scribes. He is also in competition with other underworld types vying for control of the resources kept within these ruined and abandoned super-cities. There are also terrors of tech and also biology, keeping all the area in a very dangerous state. So the Runners have to avoid lots of different terrors. I think the game would be really interesting if the microchips available are exact, so there's a manageable ingame economy, as the microchips and their semiconductors are also the primary form of currency. And each section of the city has an exact number of them, which do not replenish. Each section of the old city is frequented by different troubles. The player would start in a very easy section of the city. They would get to know the place building-by-building and clear each place of its chips before moving on. The primary game mechanic is running, and the secondary mechanic is programming and engineering. Programming itself is a very chunky part of the game which involves writing code in an actual IDE which runs on electrical components designed either by the player, or given to them in a series of quests or purchases made by exchanging semiconductors. Thus, the core game mechanic is running, climbing, jumping, moving objects, sifting through sand, and collecting ancient electronics. Now here's an important kicker. The inventory system in this game will *not* use any sort of UI; in fact, UI is reserved for very specific instance: the pause menu, and interactions with in-game computers. That way, folks can enjoy the sensation of *not* being constantly in a computer-like environment. Players can get all sorts of interesting programs from town, and run the programs on robots and computers found throughout the game. They'll need to know some basics about how the computer reads its files, which will also lead me to be able to design the file system used within the game. 

I will explore the themes of domination, of reclamation, of freedom, and of destruction, of losing control, of learning how to have control over a force that seems so out of control. Slowly over the course of the game, the player themselves will learn the skills necessary to overcome the challenges set forth before them. They will not have skill trees to worry about, only mastery over the game's systems. As they run, jump, and climb their way around the world, their character *will* become more fit; faster, stronger, and quicker to react. They can go to a bioscanner and check their health and wellbeing, available in town, but the on-the-go scanner won't be available until they build it or buy it. and the scanner itself must be built into a chassis that they can choose from, be it a necklace, headband, or watch device, which can have an onboard LCD screen, or any sort of device built into it. Also, old chips *can* be used, but they run the risk of corrosion and damage, and may require repair, which can be done pretty easily from a computer terminal. My idea is to give to the next generation all the tools necessary to understand computing in its current form. In an expansion to the game, or a second layer to the story, if it shows itself to be an incredibly transformative experience, then can be the Golden City and its inhabitants, where the player may depart from the hardships of the wild world outside the city walls, and take the tests to become a Scribe of the city. Passing that test will then open a second world which was previously unavailable to them. And within the city will be further concepts of programming and powerful systems and sciences, as well as new forms of schooling and education. The game itself *is* a computer science and electrical engineering education tool, with a core nucleus of a really enjoyable, action-packed videogame.