**Wednesday December 22nd 2021 @ 3:13pm PST**
I walked through the woods today, and along the trail I had many visions. Each was a sort of quest, rather a scenario, by which the player may choose into what sorts of entanglements they wish to sign up for. First, I saw the player being offered a small sum of money to help a computer thief turn a quick profit. He says, "The info on this computer could be worth a lot of money, kid. How about this: I'll give you 100 zaps right now, and later when I turn it for a profit I'll give you a 10% cut of on the sale.  "

"There's a lot of risk, kid. I gotta take the thing from someone who ain't looking, risk my neck getting wrangled by an authority drone's rope cannon, find someone dumb enough to buy the thing, and maybe score a cool million zaps by selling the poor guy's information, shadow-market style. So, unlock the thing and get the cut, or not."

- Negotiate: Up it by x%
- Refuse
- Accept offer | 100z now + 10% later

He gives you the computer, "It's got a 4-digit numeric password on it, but no security protocol in place to prevent a brute force attack using an incremental counting chip." 

...then a small rolled-up piece of paper, "Here, use this schematic to build a little tool we in the trade like to call a Lockbreaker."

**Schematic**
`Battery > Clock > Counter > CommandBlock(Press-Enter) > Keyboard-Signal-Driver > USB-Out`
`
// Output: 
// loop until listen(passwordSuccess?) returns successful
	// sequence(0000, Enter)
	// listen(passwordSuccess?) 
	// > listen returns failed
	// sequence(0001, Enter)
	// listen(passwordSuccess?) 
	// > listen returns failed
	// ...
	// sequence(7474, Enter)
	// listen(passwordSuccess?) 
	// > listen returns successful!
// then endProgram
`

*According to source-1, GrayKey the digital forensics tool can currently crack a 4-digit password in between 6-13 minutes, and a 6-digit password in about 11 hours. source-1: https://appleinsider.com/articles/18/04/17/researcher-estimates-graykey-can-unlock-a-6-digit-iphone-passcode-in-11-hours-heres-how-to-protect-yourself*


Later:
"Hey, kid! I've been lookin' everywhere for you. We did good on the sale. Here's your cut. You wouldn't believe the zaps I made from selling that ol' piece a junk." 

- Negotiate: "*This is it? Just 100 zaps?*"  
	- Success | "All right all right, I made 1,500z. Here's an extra 50. Now, onto other business. I think we got a good thing goin' here. I got another job I want to toss your way. What do you think of this thing here?"
	- Fail | "It might feel a little light in the hand, but don't you worry, I've got another job for you that can weigh down the stack. What do you think of this thing here?" 

He hands you a tablet. This tablet requires a 5-digit password. "Now your standard 4-Digit Lockbreaker has a one in ten chance of cracking a five-digit password, if the chump used a zero for the first digit. You'll have to expand your Lockbreaker to handle larger numbers. I don't know a damn thing about the craft, I just know how to steal low and sell high. But I got a friend in Downwater that I think you can learn a thing or two from. Go see him at his workshop and ask him how to make a better Lockbreaker."

"Get that tablet cracked, and I'll gladly pay you 200 zaps."

- Negotiate | "Wait, no cut of the sale? I'll do it if you add x(%, or zaps)"
	- Success | "Ah yeah, I almost forgot about that. Sure, when I sell it, you'll get your cut."

Improvements to Lockbreaker:
- Number memory: remembers the successful password and displays it on the Lockbreaker any time the *Memory* button is held down.
- Crack up to 5 digits.

Offers the chance to get another clock, or improve the one you have for a faster clock @ 120pps. 
