**Saturday April 30th 2022 @ 3:03am PST @ Blueberry Acres**
This story of mine here. It's having great strides in the broad strokes, yet as always it's been challenging to fill in the smaller strokes. I suppose diving in is the best way of doing it. 

I saw a scene, long ago, ten years ago when the idea first spawned in me. I saw a young Egyptian boy in a dark hall, glowing letters all across the walls. I can see it clear enough to paint it, honestly. It might actually be fun to do that in a 3D modeling software. To explore 3D areas with heavy styling shaders to make them more comic-book like. 

Fuuuuck. A comic book MUD. Wild. Fuckin' wild that would be. 

Think about that. A comic book, live. 

Ok, so I'll paint this scene out, because it might be a nice sort of starting point. Since, right now, I'm laying the basic threads of a story, first, to see if it can really go somewhere, if this IP can be expressed in some awesome way. 

So in this room, it's a sort of codex. The Codex of Ani. It will be the story of the weighing of the heart of Ani, but presented in a script that's indecipherable without computer assistance. It will be raining letters, which are a hashed script transliterated into Egyptian ASCII characters. So the hash will be the text of the Papyrus of Ani, but the actual hash values will be a wide range of ASCII characters, from all languages around the world, how about that. So to decipher it, panel-by-panel, you must have the code by which to uncover it. 

So a central aspect then of this mystery, is to have the proper keys to unlock the codex. But, unlocking it is not enough, for then you must re-encrypt it, chapter-by-chapter, into your own script. 

That sort of thing. 

Ija. Aija. Eiji. 

Ok, awesome central piece. How do we get here? That can be a central room within the School, I think. 

Also, reading some ancient Egyptian history, it seems there were many schools across the region in later Kingdoms (in the Old Kingdom, the center for scribal learning was Memphis, if I am correct), where each department essentially taught specific things. So my idea here then would be, that the player may visit a school for each area of learning. In fact, the city is the city of learning, wherein scribes come to learn, practice, and trade their creations, craft, and knowledge. A place of wisdom. The City of Glyph. A place to learn abotu farm equipment. Another to learn about historic machines. Another to learn about water, and electricity, and living machines. Another for transportation. All these sorts of things. Each place, with its own lessons to teach. 

So this initial phase, then, will be to learn the basics of life in this world. To begin as a Scribe. That will be the central purpose of this particular game. It's so hard to limit myself to expressing just one part of the IP, of the world. But, it must be done. This will be the highest expression of scribalhood. 

The game can be called, simply, Scribe.

Or, Heiroglyph. 

Both sound awesome.

"*We are now emerging from a dark age, my students. For time immemorial, we forgot what in the living past we had known, and we have paid terribly for our ignorance. This city was a final bastion, the last place where water was known to be found in all the desert in all directions. This, our oasis. 
"In the years since my father's day, we have remembered a great many thing, but still, there are mysteries uncounted awaiting discovery. Perhaps you will discover such mysteries for yourselves.
But don't think that you've been invited to this school simply because we want you to be overglorified and highly-educated treasure hunters, now. There are uses for your skills, in every facet of life, and even the most humble of farmers will benefit greatly from your service. 
You will gain a great power by learning what we have to teach you here, my students, and with that power will come a great command over the minds and hearts of the people. They will become dependent upon you, as only you will know how to keep in repair the machines that maintain their livelihoods."

"*By the machines, we grow our crops, pump our water, collect electricity, and move objects of great size. We harvest rock and stone, travel with safety for great distances, and remind ourselves of our engagements, all by the work of our machines. Some of you will focus on the written word, the command of the machines, while others will gain the skills of the forge, and the machines that make machines, and you will create the next generation of wonders which the Scribes shall command. And maybe some of you will discover what was forgotten by our ancestors, and hopefully we may learn more about the mistakes which they had made that left us in the place which we are now today."

So now we have phases to gameplay available here, and an impassable desert. Excellent. A contained gaming area. There will be biodomes throughout the area, and underground tunnels, too. And deep, deep out there, in the desert somewhere, will be the great Echo Temple, a pyramid of immense size that has been closed away since time immemorium. The soul who opens this pyramid first, will begin an age, an era, which will turn the entire world upon its head, forever.

**4:30pm PST @ Blueberry Acres**

Thinking on the use of magic in this universe. I think that coming into contact with the Echoes will open up a whole new paradigm of gameplay which will include magic-like abilities. I think it would be fascinating to add in the meta-level idea that this game is being played as a character inside of a computer simulation, breaking the fourth wall. Therefore, any magic-like abilities are just manipulations to the Matrix that the characters are all encoded within. Later, when going to Vista Prime, or Echo Prime as I call it, a homeworld of robots who have forgotten their origins, a separate game but connected to the world of Glyph. 

A strong IP, I think, is being crafted here. I'm seeing myself allow the shaping of my imagination, here, to allow space and the future to dawn alongside my love of history. The human imagination is a beautiful thing. 

What an exciting medium, here, the written word. I wonder if it will be as beautiful as I imagine. Maybe I'll pivot slightly away from the engine and focus on the frontend for a little time. 

Scribe://heiroglyph

**8:55pm PST @ Blueberry Acres**

Possible beginnings:

Your origins are unknown. You were discovered wandering through the ruins of an ancient biodome, nearly starved and close to death. It is a mystery how you survived,  or where you came from.
You were brought into the city, and taken to an orphanage, where they will assess your behavior, and determine the best place for you to be taken. 

---

Whatever your origins be, they are unknown to you. 

The wind blows sand in streams in through cracks of the area's broken cavernous ceiling. 

"I am Septu. You are a gift to our city from the people of these canyons. Your parents wish for you a better life than they may give. Please trust me." Septu extends an arm towards you.

Take Septu's arm | Refuse and run away


***Scene: The Orphanage***

Who do you want to be?

- **Junk Runner** - A child whose job is to go and recover junk electronics from tombs and ruined biodomes. You'll learn how to assemble, disassemble, and craft new eletronics.

- **Farmer's Hand** - The assistant of a farmer, who performs small tasks around the farm, including repairs and light programming. 

- **New Student** - A new enrollee at the Scribal Academy, where you will dedicate your life to learning the scribal arts, writing commsands for machines.


***Scene: Leaving the Orphanage***
You had barely spent a day in the great city before being taken from the orphanage by Sepetu. Before leaving, Mother Amu assembled several things for you, and put them into a [backpack].  "Go with kindness," she said to you, and placed a [necklace] round your neck. Septu placed his hand upon your back, bowed gently to Mother Amu, and gave you a nudge towards the door. 

***Scene: Navigating the city***
On the front steps of the orphanage, Septu turned toward you, knelt on one knee, and looked very sternly into your eyes. "You must stay close to me. If you get lost in this city, I will be unable to help you reach your destination."

Septu leads you through the great arches of the orphanage, out onto the city streets. It is a new day. The chill of the dry desert morning makes the stones chill to the touch of your bare feet. 

*You're led on many turns throughout the city, and each is an opportunity to lose track of Septu. Stay close, unless you want to lose your way and start a different sort of life.*

***Junk Runner - First scene***
Septu has brought you to the edge of the city, where a great canyon opens wide. A square and windowed building, like the orphanage, stands at the mouth of the canyon, and beside it rises a great wall, ten times the height of the building, cutting off entry to the canyon floor. 

Standing beside the door of the building is a boorish man, round in every direction, with great stumps of skin ending where his legs aught to be, standing tall on two legs of rusted metal. He is banging on a piece of machinery with a [metal tool]. As you both approach, he turns and opens his mouth wide in a beaming smile. 

"Ah, and here comes my greatest friend of all! Septu, my brother of the Great City." 

Septu crosses his arms and bows gently towards this man. "Babui, my friend, it is a joy to see you today". 

Babui returns the gesture. "As it is for I, Septu. I see you have brought me a new student to train. Hello, young one!" Babui looks at you, reaches out his mighty arm and grasps your hand. "This one will be a great explorer, I will guarantee you! I can always tell." The man gives you a big, stupid grin, winks, and pokes you in the shoulder much harder than you'd like. 

"Another gift to our city from the tribes of the canyons, here to be trained for your operation, Babui. May they serve you well." 

Septu kneels down and places a hand on your shoulder. "Babui is a great man, don't let his appearance tell you otherwise."

"I heard that!" shouted Babui, never losing his grin. "I may be ugly, but I always treat the children of our mother-city with great respect. I give you my word!"

"You will be in excellent hands," continued Septu. "Before Babui became as round as he is today, he was the greatest tomb robber our city has ever seen. "

"Tomb robber!" roared Babui. "Is that what I am called in the city these days?! That phrase makes me sound like a crooked thief. Take it out of your mouth, I beg you!"

Septu hid a sly grin. "There are treasures untold and mysteries unnumbered in these canyons, and it is the hope of the rulers of our city that there are answers to our greatest questions hidden out there. In Babui's better days, he uncovered such great mysteries, and our city is forever in his debt. It was the discoveries of Babui's ancestors that have returned to us the wonders of electricity, and helped us refashion our city into the diamond once it was. Now, Babui teaches young people how to survive in the canyons beneath the sands. You will follow his instructions, and become a great explorer, just like he."

"That's more like it, Septu" beamed Babui. "It is a respectable art, being an explorer in these canyons, though it has been some time since we've made any major discoveries. So that we keep ourselves from going crazy with the hunt, we also collect the discarded miracles of far-gone days... their machines."

Babui gestures behind him to the [lumbering beast of metal] that's disassembled, its parts and wires strewn haphazardly across the ground. "This beauty, we discovered about three days from the city. We think it was used as a beast of burden, to carry heavy things from place to place. That's exactly what I intend to use it for, too. Maybe it will help us bring back the larger wonders that are awaiting us, out there."

**Locations**
- Junkyard
- Orphanage
- Canyons
- The City 