**Sunday March 13th 2022 @ 1:11am PST @ Blueberry Castle**
I must step out of the way of my own art, which is seeking to express itself freely, as I try to filter it as it runs out from me. I must let the art speak for itself. 

I see that Ai awakens as the 13th robotic body, and lives the duration of the game as this robotic being. By removing the Cartouche from their chest, and placing it into another vessel, they become that vessel. The identity of Ai is kept within the golden cartouche, in some sort of crystal matrix storage that will be understood later, when Ai reunites with the central Echo Temple. 

Ai is an Echo. 

Out on the very fringes of where the water touches, in the barren hills above Cataract, the final town which touches the river, Ai awakens and is found by Baba Banya, the junker, who hides Ai and clothes them to prevent their identity from being easily seen. Together they investigate more of the complex in the hills that Ai awoke from, but Ai is locked out of much of the place by doors which will not open. This is ancient technology. It is not like the technology that the folks in the city use, which is based on electricity and water, together. Batteries are a commodity, and the means to charge them are in a monopoly, which will be broken as Ai rises in the city. Ai must gain entry into the city with the Waterfall, above which is the Temple that brings the river forth. 

Those that live in Cataract understand very little about the machines that litter the landscapes beyond, nor the use of the ancient biodomes that now are broken at the ends of tunnels and canyons. There is a psuedo-cult that has taken power of the Empire, which employs its scant and banaal knowledge of engineering to form an impoverished technocracy that keeps the people behind and locked into poverty. Dependent on the supply chains that are maintained by the cult, who have built the great dam that generates Power and distributes it over the lines, and charges the people their sweat and grain, to use what shoddy electronics they distribute to them. The people, becoming steadily dependent on technologies that they are not allowed themselves to repair, whose simple lives are made possible by the inundations of the river (when the taxes are paid, mind you), which are piped, pumped, and guarded under complete direction of the Controllers. You will have the opportunity to work for the Controllers, building better methods of control over the people and the resources which stream forth from the Temple. 

The Catacombs, which border the Echo Chamber of Ai, is locked away, but is filled with the tombs of Ai's ancestors. Ai carried the Cartouche with them, all of their lifetime, grown within their skin. This cartouche has the power to bring Ai to life, again. The Echoes were but a method to preserve the Cartouche of a royal of that family, a method to bring them back to a Rebirth Chamber. That is found in the heart of the Temple. Ai must gain entry into the Temple, some way, in order to unite their golden seal with the means for their regrowth into a human body. 