**Wednesday January 19th 2022 @ 8:38am PST - Seattle Airport**

I've been wanting to *write* more within the Ancient Future story, to work out its narrative arc. There was a thought that appeared, which can bring Uncle Babu I think I called him, maybe that's papa. Where his activities as a junk trader and tomb robber land him in a heap of trouble with the law, and he is charged with an expense far beyond his ability to pay it, and thus it falls to Ai and his family to bear the brunt of the load. It will be a financial trouble, I think, in which they are on the hook for a disproportionate amount of money, and that forces Ai into software. The story is obviously coming from my own experiences as a young man who feels totally overwhelmed by the world that I live in, by the challenges that my family faces. By making this into a tale instead of struggle against a seemingly out-of-control society that is literally crushing its people by the weight of bearing it forwrad. 

Our backs are broken, our minds are torn into pieces. We carry this Egypt forward, but it is a struggle up a never-ending mountain where we never reach the top, and yet we keep pushing, pushing, maintaining this insane world for the only reason that our forebears had left it for us, though we all know it to be broken.

I'm thinking for the first time in a week or so to remove the super temple that takes care of everybody, that might be a little on-the-nose and comparable to humanity's direct reliance on technology to survive, while that also may be a very good thing to show. At least, there can be two classes of people: those who rely on the Machine, and those who thrive in Nature. That's a stark line to draw, and I'm careful with such stark lines, but in storytelling that can possibly be a helpful, potentially stupefying, way to communicate the tale. If I continue to stay close to the theme, that of struggle with an automaton force by which we put the whole of our trust, beyond the trust of nature. 

We do not trust the Mother nor her rabble of Goddesses. We trust the Machine, we trust the Automaton, the chemical and electrical forces which we harness to print our food. Nature hath forced us like fleas from her bosom, and we are all the better to reject her abusive embrace. We must make our way out from this stifling abode, lest we choke ourselves to death or allow her to destroy our entire race on a whim of chaotic fancy. We must master ourselves and the world around us, so that we can never be harmed again.

If I attribute the destruction of society to a natural disaster then I can more easily and powerfully bring in this psychological aspect of rejecting nature and the Mother due to distrust. 

It is distrust in Death, it is rejection of the inevitable. We do not celebrate Death any longer, but look to it as a thief and stealer of life, when in reality, we belong to Death. We belong to Death the moment we are born, and our passing onward is a return home, not a departure from it. We must treat this human life as a middle ground, not as the totality of our individual existence, lest we fall pray to the malladies of death fear, which are disastrous. 

So then at the core of the tale would be fear of Death. Such a tale would highlight the despair occurring from such a fear, and the remedies which humanity devises to overcome it. Superstition will have its part, yes, but acceptance will be the true virtue that comes through the tale. Thus I will engage the reader, the player, the enjoyer of the art, in the activities of engineering, yet through my storytelling I will describe to them the fear of death as a determining force for many of us to choose to become engineers. 

But thankfully, I have had the experience of being in close communication with humans (Robbie, Zoom, and Miles) who are genuinely fascinated by Science, who see what part it plays in generating wonder for humanity now that the Old Ways oft require another form of belief to be added in order to circumvent the questions posed by the rational mind of today. So grateful I am that we are overcoming and surpassing the limitations of rational behavior, which leads to deep knowledge, but can sever us from intuitive understanding born of trust in those forces greater than we. 

I do not consider our desire to engineer a sin in totality, it is not a whole trouble in itself, it is a profound expression of human life into nature. But when an Engineer carries fear of Death within them, it can spell danger and disaster. How? Why? Well, every problem may seem like it needs to be solved. It may look like all of the riddles of the universe are meant to be understood in order to change them into a more favorable outcome. But the universe does not require such a change by our hands. 

Or does it?

I carry the belief within me that Humanity will master the spiritual forces present even now all around us, of which we are typically unaware and thus un-powerful over, and being so aware of the physical forces and having powerful rationale within the physical world, that we are not yet necessarily engaged in the true force of transformation which is meant to blossom within us, which is by Nature placed within us as the seeds of higher growth, a growth by which we will blossom the true Engineering forces, the forces of profound and deep moral understanding into the human condition and human's place within the cosmos. And from a profound and truthful realization such as this, equipped with the fruits of soul that accompany such work to unfold these qualities through use of these forces, moral and spiritual, we shall gain the abilities necessary to transform our world into the form that it is meant to transform into. Life will blossom outward into new vistas throught he awakening of humankind, through the awakening of each human the world is truly transformed for the greater. 

Imagine, if this tale I am devising for videogaming, if I place this young person into the world, Ai within this technocratic society, but do not give him any tools by which to repair the world through use of technology, but instead show that there are so many other ways to engage with the world which do not require engineering a solution to every problem. By facing Ai with insurmountable challenges, something else can grow within them. What that expression looks like, how it seems, how it is engaged with, played, that is something I will continue to discover as time goes along. For now, in this moment, this character is a great comfort to me, to write about them, to learn about them. 

It is time for me to write more about Ai. 

### Dawn

Ai rose early today to see the sun crest over the canyon wall. Ai loves to spend the earliest parts of the morning up on the rooftop. If it is chilly, Ai brings a wool hooded blanket that his mother wove, she is a wool worker. She had work with the wool workers but has since grown too arthiritic to continue. Ai is their only surviving child. There were two others, the first entered into the Scribal school and disappeared. The second worked with his uncle Baboo and was crushed in a junk avalanche. Ai is young, about 14 years old, at this time. Both brothers have died, leaving him alone to his fate as the only surviving child. 

It is time for Ai to help his father Banda obtain the weekly supplies. He has a failing farm machine that he tends to. Thus, Ai experiments with it, but isn't supposed to know how it works, since he is not trained by the Hegemony. 

**11:13am - Oakland Airport**

He has to be trained by the Academy of Automata and Artifice in order to be allowed to touch his father's farming equipment. It would be of no use anyway; the tooling necessary to create machine code for one of these devices is highly confidential and requires many layers of security. There is a central authority wherein all code compilation must occur, then completed executables are distributed out to Scribes. Scribes can access the compiler but must be connected to a network that leads directly to a main Academy server. Thus, the entirety of their data-driven society is kept under lock and key, under complete control. 

There is a strong undercurrent of programmers and electrical engineers who have secretly broken the code to these machines and now write programs intended to overtake them. Their programming language, Demotic, which is compiled into Instructions, versus the language of the Scribes, Hieratic, which is compiled into The Golden Script, as it's called for the Scribe's use of a golden cartouche to sign their code, which contains a cryptographic keypair that is used to sign their code and authorize its compilation. 

Demotic programmers are divided of course into two camps: clean hats, and dirty hats. Clean hats are simply seeking to overcome the challenges of life that have so dramatically troubled the lives of the citizenry due to the Hegemony's grip on the sciences, and disciplines of programming and electrical engineering. Such knowledge is kept locked in the Great Library of the Academy, which only Academy-trained individuals are given permission to learn. This is said to be for the safety of the people, in that, this knowledge could be used for terrible ends.

Dirty hats are using programming languages for their own means at the expense of others in some way. Even Scribes will sometimes become corrupt. 

The rebel Scribe, Rom, trained a small group of citizen programmers and invented the Demotic language, which was then taught across the lands of Egypt. This led the Hegemony to begin heavily persecuting any who have the knowledge and train others to use it. 

"Egypt rises again, by the breaking of our backs, and the breaking of our minds."

"These tools, in the improper hands, are disastrous."
"But, these tools in the proper hands are wondrous."

|| Praise be to the sun who rises again this day to give life to the Machine which gives life to us all.

|| Praise be to the Machine who provides us water from under the earth, who provides electricity which powers our crop-makers and animates our servants of Second Life. 

|| Praise be to the Scribes who master the Machine and drive its engagement with humanity.

|| Praise be to the Hegemony who keeps all the world in union and order.