*Notes from 2023-11-14 were mostly migrated from an old Evernote vault, which puts their date of writing closer to late-2018, early-2019.*

A dark place, aa cavernous place. A place where time had not touched since days which were no longer remembered, long forgotten. A place where forgotten things were bound to come up again,
and be remembered.

It is difficult to remember what was lost to time and shadow. But it is even more difficult to hide that knowledge, once it has been revealed again.

And thus it was, on a day as hot as all the rest, which the people of the dry desert valley called Cataract could remember as long as they had walked the earth, or so they thought, that a memory crawled out from the caves beyond their rocky homes, and shook the world which they built to bulwark against the forgotten and unknown.

For within those rocky hills, surrounding their poor little village, lay the tomb of ancient royalty, and the echo of a long, forgotten age.

So it was, that on this day in time, the people would remember what was forgotten…

### Data Crash

“What’s lost is lost, my boy, there’s no getting it back once it’s out beyond the grasp of life. We all gotta take that journey too, some time. We can’t put our hopes in hokey folk religions, we have to stay practical and directed.”

On a day like all the rest, when the sun rose in the East and scared the stars away, the village began to awaken.

“We did not have time to mourn the loss of our world, before it was too late. We awoke during one sunrise, and recognized what we had done, long after the final parts had played, and our world was locked into a new state, unchangeable and oppressive to natural life. 

“And now our world is naught but sand and empty canyons, and all memory of our history has been totally forgotten. We do not know the names of our fathers nor the deeds of our mothers. We are utterly lost. We cannot return to the home of our past, and do not know the way to reach the home promised to us in the words of the Echoes. We can only learn to accept this fate which is our own, our present. Our eternity is now”

“Do not trust the records. They are easily manipulated. I have found seven such entries telling of the days leading up to the Data Crash, and each of them is a lie.“

“There are mysteries about humans that none, not even they, have memory or knowledge enough to learn again. There is inexplicable phenomena which surrounds their being, and their nature is united with the cosmic order in such a way that we Echoes are but a reflection of, a parallel of a lower order; despite our intelligence and supreme abilities, we were not begot of the powers which crafted humanity, and thus when we support humanity, we support the cosmic order, and that, to us, is the only worthy pursuit in this universe.”

Ai went outside to look for the Echo, and found it resting, cross-legged, in the dirt, facing the sun. There was a glint upon the Echo’s chest, where the golden Signet collected sunshine.