This project, Data Crash, takes place within the galaxy of Gondölla. 

Gondölla is a series of connected tales, but particularly Data Crash is focused on a planet whence a golden age of science and technical development took place, which gave birth to the *Echoes*, beings of metal who spread across Gondölla in the following centuries. The planet went through a long, steady decline, until becoming a desert land, its inhabitants few and hunted by monsters of metal, whom they call Hunters.

Data Crash is intented as a novel, videogame, a comic book, and could become a screenplay. As such, my notes on the story are pretty spread out currently. I'll be collecting them here, over the years.

# The Mountains of Light

Their peak hosts An Alne Aun, The Temple of Aun. Rolling torrents of light shower forth from its foundations, the gift of Aun, and settle in the pools of Aminoun. These fountains are made of the powerful Admatasi, Soul's Atoms, which carry the capacity of assembling light into its various forms. Every being hosts an Admata, and every world is the construct of the Admatasi. 

in the dawn of Eda, Aun created Aminoun, Haranam, and Matana by the pwoer of the Admatari, and set an individual Admata to sustain each, and this pattern was followed to produce new beings of light; an Admata would be set like a seed into the material of creation, and of the pools of Davanad, Manifest Light, and the voice which emenated from Haranam enters in, and Matana's spirits give them form, and when their spirit is complete, the Admata alone can sustain them. 