**Monday May 16th 2022 @ 3:53pm PST @ Blueberry Acres**
I keep lots of thoughts regarding the Ancient Future / Data Crash story here in these files, and yet, they don't necessarily have to be portrayed as a videogame. I've spent lots of waking hours envisioning these stories as a book, series of books, comics, all sorts of expressions. I am happy to be solo on this project in a certain regard at this phase because it allows me to work as the inspiration strikes without being tied to another person. 

I'd like to give a high-level overview from a new perspective that came into my mind today. 

Starseed is such an overused term, but for now I'll use it. 

The Echoes, long ago, were made by Adani who lived elsewhere in Gondolla, the galaxy. They placed their own genetic code in the care of the Echoes, and sent them into the stars, to propagate. The Echoes journeyed far across the universe, replicating, setting their own base among the stars, manufacturing the great structures that would be sent rocketing down to worlds habitable to Adanic life. Such a world is this world where these stories take place. 

The planet all across is barren but for the valley where the pyramid struck. Or, rather, the planet is lush but void of Adanic life. 

Data Crash, in this regard, could be an actual death of all life on that planet, and their return to the planet surface in a later age, when the planet has experienced its death phase and this is the final push for them to achieve some predetermined level of understanding regarding the technology they were supported by, or else they will be forever left on that world, to be eventually absorbed by the sun. 

Two lines are being explored: the people of the River Valley, and the Exiles who have taken residence beside a great sea, far to the West. "You will follow the sun's setting until the waters of Death be your mistress."

The fundamentals are being reshaped in this time, in my mind. These Exiles can take different form than I'd originally imagined. I'm also having a big merger of ideas happening, across the layers of my imagination, the monostory is consistently attempting to absorb every layer of my imagination into the mythos I devised in 2015, of Gondolla and the Adani. I think it is appropriate for these stories to be contained in a greater galactic tale, for it will give my lifetime great room to explore. And it is such an analogy to my mind and understanding of the universe, my mind creates these forms.