**Thursday April 28th 2022 @ 9:49pm PST @ Blueberry Acres**
I'm beginning a project of transforming Ancient Future into a MUD-style game with an easy, interactive web interface. This game can live on the web and can run on a crypto token given out to players at the beginning of their gameplay. The token is meant to be given out and harvested from gameplay itself. 

To begin the codebase I'm using Ranvier MUD, a JavaScript MUD-building engine. 

Copy/pasting my writing from a separate earlier file. Actually, kind of a bummer to note, the earlier file did not save... That is troubling. It had lots of really important content. Hmm.. Fery frustrating. Well, it was essentially detailing the content and visual interface for a MUD-version of Ancient Future. Attainable and interesting. Available for expanding my relevant web development skills. I'm interested in these sorts of interconnection technologies anyway, so it's a great place to be working. 

Well, here we go. 

The game will start with the player choosing some basics of their upbringing, their way into the world. The first version in development won't need that, I'll just plop the player in the world as a blank slate with a basic background story.

The two main areas I'll start detailing will be the School, and the Crypts. There are treasures unnumbered within the Crypts. These are trap-laden tombs of elder Scribes of a forgotten age who have encapsulated the totality of their work in these computer-driven chambers. The player must navigate the tombs using their wit, their bodies, their minds, and their ability to use computers. 

I'm dreaming that multiple players will enter a room, and attack it from every angle. That's a lofty goal, but I'm damn excited about the idea of it. 

So that means some characters will be fit, some will be smart. And anyone learning to use the computer systems must do so within the School. They will earn the requisite items necessary to enter the chambers and overcome the riddles within the machine. 

So, I'd want to start with the simple stuff, of course; make characters, improve them with your choices, a good ol' atypical beginning. But the visual representation of the game I think is where i've got a unique angle. It's also fun to think that I'm building it on top of a MUD. 

So, I'm needing now to outline the basics of the game. 

You are in the town of Cataract, the last place life would think to grow. The water is spouted from rusted pipes, traveling as far across the desert as possible, to end up in this forsaken place. 

Hmm... I don't like it. No, I won't start in Cataract. 

This is the City of Glyph, the city on the hill, home of the greatest Scribal School of all.  Wow, I haven't touched *any* of this lore, no matter how much I've obsessed over its creation. Interesting. 

This game will become a tabletop roleplaying game, too, of course. More on that once I make the fucking IP. 

**Hieroglyph**
A name for the centuried. Sacred letters. Heiro-glyphs. If I was to refine the focus of the game, it is not in raiding tombs, no matter how much my imagination travels back to such a thing. It is in the magic of writing. And to encapsulate the magic of writing *computer code* which I intend most of all to focus. To capture the magic of writing computer code. And to teach a moral structure by which to do such a thing. 

*By your time in this school you will acquire a skill more powerful than any. For the codes which you write will have power over the mind of the many, and control of the force of Machines. You must carry this ability with wisdom, and trust in your ability to perform miracles which very few have had the priviledge to perform.*

The school itself will teach the game, but also teach programming techniques. Programs can be made into Glyphs, which are repeatable bits of code that can be tapped to fill the command line on your terminal. 

First step, then, is getting the player acquainted with the Terminal. 

Their commands can be kept on their Terminal, and also copied onto Chips. Glyphs can be stitched together into Programs (or, a program can just be written outright).

So that means I'm essentially creating a user interface for the MUD below it. That way I am not necessarily railroading the player, except for the times that they should be railroaded. 

*Listen now, my student. 
I have seen our people taken by force from their homes for not supplying their superiors with the allotted amounts of Grain they were commanded to create, and be sent to the labor camps where they were beaten near to death.
I have seen the very moment when the mind of a slave has been broken by the weight of their station. I have seen the effect of the Machine, in the times when it operated out of control and totally erroneous to the needs of the people. 
It is the Scribe who has mastery over the Machine, and this art must be passed down again and again, age after age. 
But the art of the Scribe is not simply the shaping of glyphs into commands which the machine might abide by. The true art of the Scribe is in their constant remembrance of their oaths, of the code by which they must live by, in order to retain harmony among the people. 
You, my student, will be the greatest of servants to the people, defending them from the erroneousness of lesser men, who do not live by any code, who lie, cheat, and steal one another's bread and family. It is you that will defend the people from the Machines which they have now become so terribly dependent upon. 

*You will reconstruct and keep in good repair the Grain-makers, who bear forth the sustenance by which society will remain fed,
You will assure that the water continues to flow from the pipes that bring the water up from the depths of the Mother Earth,
You will tune the economic algorithms by which all wealth is distributed and remains in circulation, 
You will carry the knowledge of commands that can control every and all Machines, 
And you will bear responsibility over the well being of all the peoples of this once-great land who are now utterly dependent on Machines, because of the irresponsibility of our forebearers,
And you shall carry this weight with kindness, respect, and dignity for all who live... this may be your greatest challenge of all. 

Here, in this school, you will learn the basics of writing, and creating commands for your Tablet. You may take the Signet exam at any time, and upon completion you shall be awarded with a signet of your very own, capable of signing your Programs with a key that will allow it to run on any common machine. There are many additional keys that may be added to your signet, some of which you may earn here at the school, but others must be acquired elsewhere. The highest honors available at this school will only be attainable by the Scribe who has served all facets of our land Egypt. Your deeds will earn you passage into the highest office of Scribalhood, awarded by a Golden Signet, and land of your very own, where on you may build a Crypt to contain your knowledge, and treasures.