Electric Ai

Ai, the only child to two loving parents, the three of them live in poverty in a hovel brick building on a long street leading down to the district's water pipe. We enter Ai's life at the beginnging of a day of errands with his father. Early, in the morning, when the roof of cavernous rock is showing its crack of sunlight, Ai and his father depart from their home onto the busy streets. They pull along with them a wheeled wooden cart that has two large round clay jars, about ten gallons each, and one big battery, strapped above the wheels. There is also a big empty basket with a piece of cloth folded within it, and a couple of milk jars. The two of you, papa and Ai, are going to collect water, food, and electricity. These supplies should be enough for one week. Papa is sure to bring the family cartouche, a device with the family name stamped onto the side. This device keeps track of everything in the family records, from every ration ever dealt out for ten generations, to the deed to their small parcel of land. With this cartouche, Ai's father can collect their weekly rations. 

They first reach the long line up to the water pipe. There is a man standing beside the pipe, showing the blue regale of the Water Bearer, and holding a Tablet. A mother and son are standing next in line. The Water Bearer scans their cartouche by touching it to the back of the Tablet, where is an insignia that is known to mean 'see what is hidden inside'. The Tablet shows a green sign, indicating the amount of water that may be poured. Water Bearer signals to two men that are working the pump, an old lever design, the number of gallons they need to pump into the reservoir. Then the Water Bearer opens the spout, and deposits that amount into the mother and son's water vessel.

Trying to cut the line will get Ai pinned by two guards standing idly by. The crowd will also put up a lot of grief and grump. It will also trigger a cinematic moment where the Water Bearer gives Ai's father instructions for punishing his child. Standing in line will give Ai the chance to overhear other people's conversation bits. 

After the water is collected, the cart becomes harder to pull. Ai and his father both have limited amounts of physical strength and energy, but Ai can improve his strength, energy, and endurance over time with practice. They can go to the market next and collect food. At the extremities of the marketplace are Money Distributors who scan a person's cartouche then subtract whatever amount the person needs from their account, and presents that amount to them in the form of printed paper notes. These are used to exchange goods among the citizens, and is the primary means of exchange within the marketplace.

The final stop, in this playthrough, is the electrical distribution center. Again, lines of people, each bearing their cartouches. An especially large cart begins pushing through the crowd, pull

11:56pm
Ai's father has just enough to send him to receive scribal education. But, that means that he will not be able to provide at the same level as he'd hoped for Ai's mother. By sending Ai to college, Babu cannot buy the next buildings over to construct a larger farm unit. If Ai does not go to college, and does not bring ruin to his family by being too sneaky with his uncle and alerting the authorities, then Babu will buy Ami the land next to them and expand the farm. If Ai does go to college, then there is a window of time where he can also pay back the money, allowing Babu to buy the property, before Babu and Ami become too old to want the land anymore. 