**Saturday May 28th 2022 @ 7:50pm PST @ Blueberry Acres**

"Are you here to retrieve your eternal records?"

"My... what?"

"We have eternal knowledge of every motion of every molecule within your body, and your interactions with every thing and every being across the span of your entire lifetime. Every line of computer programming that you have ever written is kept within our Eternal Record. Are you here to retrieve your eternal records?"

Thus is the first interaction which Ani the Scribe will have with the Echoes. As he is one who bears electrical charge to the Temple of the Echoes, he will engage them to interact with him in ways none else can. 

The Speakers are the priests of a religion which interacts with the Echoes. They supply them with a small charge of power, and the Echoes give them an oracular retelling of their lifetimes, allowing them to recollect times in their lives. An Echo comes forth and answers any questions they may have about their own lifetime. 

Unfortunately, the Speakers require payment for every minute spent with the Echoes. The Speakers generate power and place it into batteries, which are given to those who seek information from the oracular Echoes. 

*Saturday May 28th 2022 @ 2:49pm PST @ Blueberry Acres**
I am entering into gentle, deeply fascinating portions of my imagination today, which touch upon the histories of Alexandria, Ancient Egypt, and the Hellenic world. It began with an image of great golden Colossus, robots of mythic and epic proportions, which would be one of the many forces that **Ani**, the young Scribe, would engage with. Ani will be a young scribe in a time like the turn of the millennia, 0 BC, perhaps earlier, but in a world totally influenced by the computer use of the earlier generation. I always try to root my work in reality, a little too closely I'm feeling, without letting the wings of spirit truly carry my imagination where it wants to go, how serious I try to be. Well, the Echoes come forth from the sky long before and teach the people what they will, in two great branches: Wisdom, and Power, with their meeting place the Staff of Truth, and the three together create the force of Love, which the individual must wield in service of humanity. 

Thus beings a golden age. All of society is transformed by the use of computers, and chemistry, among other forces. The sciences flourish. 

But then, there comes to be a powerful force that tears through the computer world, a virus, which will be analogous with a virus that appears within the human, as well, robbing all of humanity from their great powers, turning them to mush, and like sand beneath their fingertips, the golden age becomes nought but fields of golden sand. 

Thus, long after, it has not been remembered how to engage with this world, and the religion has been wholly forgotten. 

This is the time that Ani will rise. 

How does Ani come to hold his first **Tablet**? I am not sure yet. Where does Ani come from? It could be from an ancient tomb, that he is reborn from, which would be pretty excellent, and be a piece of the reincarnation story. That sounds excellent. Ani will be spit out from an ancient place and given in the care of a family who will love him. He is born of a sort of cloning pattern given to the people of the past by the **Echoes** (robotic lifeforms of immense knowledge) The family struggles as the victims of poverty and bigotry, and Ani grows up as an outsider. Then we can rock the boat somehow, perhaps he comes across an ancient sort of relic that nobody knows how to make work anymore; it's a Tablet without any power source. Most of the locals have stories of superstitious fear surrounding them, that they somehow were responsible for a great evil in the far distant past. Ani will be the first to recharge one of them, though I'm not yet sure how that will take place. But once recharged, it is in an incredibly sorry state; it needs repairs across the whole thing. It only has one emergency protocol available, that directs Ani to the nearest repair facility. Thus begins the adventure. 

Also, I can honestly begin to work with quantum computing in a certain regard, or at least with crystal computers. I think crystal computers are the right sort of direction to go. 

I think also that we can have energy be supplied by nodes of power, probably solar or some sort of deep geothermal columns that bring heat from beneath the crust and distribute it outward. Perhaps Ani somehow re-activates the first of these nodes. That gives a gameplay tie to Breath of the Wild, which I'm feeling this story in gameplay terms may lean upon somewhat. 

Once powered up, a great number of wonders begin to come alive again. 

It was, then, that humanity left behind these great electical **Pylons**, turned away from them and the wonders they begot, when the **Data Crash** spread so rampant across their world, turning all devices under the control of a central amorphous controller, an artificial intelligence of disastrous intent.

At this point, the nature of the game will need to come into existence through actual tinkering about. But the foundations that are giving rise to this is the desire to reinvent the operating system in a new fascimile of spiritual purpose. To take the work of generations of programmers and strip away the chaos that has been born of decisions required of the present moment they lived within, and giving them a shining, new existence, in service of a greater story, a beautiful existence. And there is much that can come from this. I am imagining first the digital world that is constructed around interactions with technologies that make society's life much easier and possibly more magical, and the interaction occurs through a Tablet, which is like our smart phones or tablets, our interaction point with the computer. The game is centered round the ability to master the Tablet, and thus master the computer. By building a computer system around user experience in a spiritual, sort of magical way, we can build technologies that respond to this technical paradigm. Later on can come physical hardware that engages with this programming paradigm. The languages created for this invention can be compiled into modern computer architectures, of course, but it will stand apart from Linux, Windows, Mac, and the rest, as a technology out of step with their purpose to be general personal computers, rather this is an imaginatively-crafted computer system, meant to be a young Scribe's first Tablet and technologies that interact with their Tablet. Tabletop devices to control; surveillance cameras with fun robotic shapes for their bedrooms, journals, drives to give to friends, an email server and chat system, games within the game, room interactions like lights, shutters, door locks, and more. A full smart home system that integrates with this type of game computer, creating an immersion in the imagination, part and parcel with the world about them. Now, the really important part is that this should not become a world apart from our world, but rather a way of communing and communicating great humane ideals, within a cultural framework that is delivered through these technical devices, a way to connect like-minded humans in a shared digital culture that spans the Earth. Thus it is mirroring the work of Alexander, uniting many worlds into one Hellenic universe, but it must inevitably be wholly different also from this work, in that the story is new and reborn for this age of humanity. If his work is seen in the annals of time as a folly, then this work too can be seen as a folly, as a dream, and I must be careful not to lead young children into the grasp of Luciferic and Arihmanic beings, though the world already does such a thing, and thus it is rather to give to them a mighty ideal by which they may live and feel supported in living out, to unite a generation together that may engage and interact with one another for the great length of their lifetimes, to unite and tell stories together, and share life toghether. Thus can life the Christly ideals, and thus transforms this story into a work of Anthroposophy.

**7:23pm PST**
**Entropy**. That mighty demon. That is the true force behind Data Crash. Some sort of chemical chain reaction which occurred to all the crystal records, changing their bits around into garbles. Perhaps the garble is a pattern that can be seen in the Tablet. While it might be an excellent part of the story to learn how to *reverse* the entropy, I think it would be a far more important lesson, and juicier gameplay, for all that is lost to Entropy, to *remain* lost to Entropy. Thus the work shall remain reminiscent of the burning of the Great Library of Alexandria... and also of every file that has ever been lost to forgetting to save... or losing a storage drive to damage, theft, or stupidity. 

Thus, such a great amount of knowledge will be washed wholly away. What will bring it back? I wonder if it even should be brought back. In this sense, it will be up to Ani to contend with this entropic force. Although perhaps the force cannot be reversed, perhaps it can be repaired, mitigated, stopped before it destroys all the crystal remaining in all the world. Perhaps once a crystal is healed, it remains stout, forevermore, and turns from a sort of clearish blue pale opal, to a shining golden radiance. A transformation in the **Data Crystal** cellular matrix, which forevermore will stave off the Entropy. 

But the true story is in the transformation of a person, from what has been given by nature, by **Metamorphosis**, into a new form, a golden form, which carries the fruits of our work in this lifetime, onward, ever onward. 

If there can be then a difference in raw data, into this crystalline form, that must be then a method by which to transform the crystalline structure. Like putting all programs through a special compiler that forms the crystal structure and creates a chain reaction through the material. Then perhaps the material will no longer take to the old data, but must be moved through this compiler. When the first line of such code is transformed and placed onto a crystal, it is at that moment that the crystal is transformed to this golden substance, and Entropy may no longer touch it. 

At that exact moment that a person's data is no longer subject to the dangers of Entropy, that moment must feel as a relief to the depths of their soul. 

Also, I think it might be somewhat cruel to remove a person's precious work wholly away. It, perhaps, should be said to them that there is a special folder on their computer where all they have ever written can be recovered. That may be unnecessarily cruel to wholly delete their work up until that point. And perhaps that work could be kept as an eternal record in the Temple of Echoes, which remembers all things. But here again we come to a point. Perhaps only the living person is allowed to access their own records. That the Echoes are, seemingly, cruel in their cold protection of data that is entered into their **Eternal Records**. Another hearkening to the Great Library, and also to the Akashic Records. And a great literary device to allow the player's work to be eternally saved (though inconventiently wiped from their personal computer, requiring a retrieval quest) and the rest of the historic record to be wholly wiped from accessible knowledge. 

Yeah, this is gonna be an awesome game, I think. 

Their first encounter with Entropy will wipe all of their personal data from their device. That force can move between drives by only being within a magnetic range of another device. Thus, by simply having a corrupted drive within your pocket, any device that comes within ten feet of it will spread the virus. 

A hearkening to Covid in the collective imagination, perhaps. And plague, of course, the age-old force. 

So. 

**Entropy is a chemical reaction within data-bearable crystal that is spread by a force field. Entropy renders Data Crystal totally unusable for data storage. Entropy was responsible for the catastrophic event known as The Data Crash.**

