I had an AMAZING time over the weekend working on my game project. I am really confident in the direction of this project right now. There are so many pieces that need doing, and I'm wholly engaged in creating them all right now, piece by piece, bit by bit, and learning this Unreal Engine all the way through, finally. I'm starting to learn Windows PowerShell for the first time, it's simple as heck, luckily, I always thought it was some painful second language to learn on top of bash commands. As always, my abilities grow, and my execution improves. I got splines on landscapes working yesterday and that really upped my game yesterday for creating environments. I'll be getting into designing interiors next, then gameplay scripting with blueprints. I'm creating the catacombs behind Ai's home of Last Cataract, where his junker uncle sends youth down into the undercaves to find old buried houses and cellars full of valuable goods. I'm going to highlight in the first few missions the size and strength of his father, but his father's lack of speed. That will be contrasted with Ai's weakness at the very  beginning of the game. The player can improve Ai's strength through physical activity, very similar to how it was done in GTA San Andreas. His skills will improve over time with use. But looking at the screen too long will cause his muscles to degrade. I'm forming a sort of game design philosophy that is based on the ideal of Truth and realism, where we mimic our primary gameplay systems on the very basic tasks of human life, such as walking, pulling a cart, digging through a bag, those sorts of things. With those very basic tasks raised into the simulacra, there will be a stronger basis for belief and engagement in the simulated world (or so my hypothesis goes). I will have the chance to explore this idea through my inventory system, communication system, climbing, physical improvement, and much more. I'm also going to give Ai a hoverboard within one of these awesome tombs. I think I will say that these people once lived on the surface, but something pulled their houses underground and buried them in the sand. I'm not sure what that could be just yet, but it might make for some compelling gameplay. I still don't have a specific nature of the apocalypse that happened, but it could be a combination of errors. One of them was an idea that, in the future, a utility company could create a very specific lock-and-key encryption method which unlocks the utility at the point of entry, or the plant even. And the plants themselves are rendered wholly inactive if the connection to the utility hub is compromised. The electrical and water lines themselves can have checkpoints along the way, connecting them back to the utility hub, and if that connection is broken, the utility could no longer work. The nature of the work that I'm doing really is showing people the dangers of relying on large entities for all things and how that power can be misused and what would happen if the keys were lost or compromised by a malicious entity. It is the danger of Big Utility Providers. Thus, the player will be setting up small generators, water pumps, and the like, primarily for the people in the other Cataracts; they are in the most poor quadrant of the entire game, Ai and his family, but the next quadrant over has more valuable resources, a rich history, and plenty of problems for Ai to solve. The types of problems I want the player to be faced with are the kinds of problems I foresee humanity to be faced with, if we do not gain control of our own technology, and our own responsibility that has been wrested from us and given to overseeing bureaus and private companies. This power should instead exist in the hands and minds of the people, which it does today somewhat, but most importantly, it needs to be in the heart of the people that we share these utilities and support one another in human life. Those are the virtues which I hope to instill through my game into the player. In addition to the virtues, they will be given real practical applications and real-world electrical, plumbing, and resource problems to solve. With a little thinking, they will be able to see that there truly is enough resources to go around, but it was being limited and controlled by the Hegemony, to create a weaker state to control around the capitol. This effect has happened, I will say, multiple times in the game world, and the Echoes watch us and wait for the moment when this tendency would destroy us, when it is known that the strongest will be born and walk among the people, and those with strongest heart will unite all in virtuous rebuilding. Those people will be memorialized, and brought into contact with the Echoes, and given roam of the universe through the Avatar Network of human-controllable anthropomorphic robots, which will be the subject of a later game. I think I've got some really cool shit at work here, and a very powerful IP. It's interesting how these things take shape in the imagination, forming into a berg and mountain of exactly what I think I'm making, only to be transformed at a moment's notice and made into something wholly new. It's fascinating, this process of creativity that I have embarked upon. I like that almost all of today's writing was about my game. I'm going to copy this writing over into my other vault location, to do with Ancient Future. I am wholly excited to be working on this project and I would be proud to invite others to develop this game alongside me. I will require an angel investor to give us three years of runway, with which a core development team of lead programmer, lead designer, and lead artist can be assembled, in addition to my work on the team. Then we can begin a completely open company which shares all the important details of our production cycle with our fan base, and release small modules to our core members to test and comment on, every step of the development cycle. 

You're about to become part of the Sundragon Studios Core Team as Allies to the development cycle. With your monthly contribution, you now have access to developer notes and direct communication with our development team, dev hangouts, concept art, free gifts from the team, and playable demos of levels, gameplay mechanics we're testing out, and much more. We'll be releasing these in step with our development progress to our team of Allies as they are made available. Bring someone on board with you and create a guild! Share programs and electronic designs with each other while we build the player interconnection system that will bring your designs into another person's Tablet, and into the life of their gameplay experience. Join each other in multiplayer mode with up to 4 friends, making a team of 5, to complete missions that require a large team.

**8:01pm**
I think communicating the parodies of the problems we are facing with modern technology will weave its way very chiefly to the work that I am doing in this story. I'm seeing right now that the Last Cataract is a more law-ish sort of place, right on the edge of the desert tribes that value technology greatly, and on the other side the region is attempting to be controlled by the Hegemony, who have their outpost there with a compund that strictly adheres to the codes of the capital, but otherwise a great deal of the city is involved in illegal trading of technology and devices. In fact, in the city, a great deal of blackmarket tech is created, not because there is some nefarious purpose to it all (your uncle is a white hat, not a black hat), but because the people need these devices to properly continue on and they cannot afford the prices that are set by the Scribes. So Ai is raised among the law and the lawless.

### The Law and the Lawless

His father and mother encourage him to be a straight-shooter, to go straight to the compound, pass their initial test that's posted on the outside of the compound wall, gain entry to their study program, and depart for the Academy that is located in the next town over. Leaving the Last Cataract requires express transportation out of town, through the depths of the cataract which are teeming with hungry creatures and bandits, on some sort of armored train car that still runs, maintained by the Hegemony but requiring a very hefty fee to ride (fee is waived for Academy students). The other ways through the canyons require Ai to become very physically fit, have enough supplies, and possibly a traveling party. His uncle has a ticket out of the city that he will offer to Ai, if Ai follows that questline. 

So the school offers one way out, and his uncle offers another. The school's way is first a series of tests that must be studied for, and next a series of repairs that the students must make to the people of the region. Each passed test requires they make a payment to the Adacemy, so the students are instructed to take a payment from the family that is requesting service. There will be times that the student must also purchase supplies, either from their own pocket or whatever they can charge to the client. Thus, the player will be often caught in some sort of a moral dilemma where they are a pawn of the Academy in extorting the people of the valley for their very hard-earned resources. That may drive the player towards the other questlines, which involve helping the people in unauthorized but potentially more morally-aligned ways. 

The culmination none the less is Ai's travel out and away from Last Cataract, and his first encounter with the wild world. I can see the opening up to a grand vista, wherein the spilling of the river's water still very lightly occurs. 

Getting a little overwhelmed with development at the moment. Here's what's on my mind:

- Level Blockout for the Last Cataract's City Center, Hegemony Compound, and Academy Inner Sanctum

- World Design for the Desert Canyon leading out of the Last Cataract region and into the next area. Not sure what to call it, maybe Delta would be appropriate. A dry prairie sourrounded in hills, with the terraformed remnants of the old river down its center. Not far upstream is the major city of the Lower Nile, where the Academy can be found.

- Level Blockout for the Caves at the end of the Cataract which include the vaults that Ai first explores for the questline provided by his uncle. In here can be found the hoverboard

- Gameplay design and scripting for movement, climbing, inventory, terminal programming, skateboarding, electrical, and plumbing systems

As I refine down the knowledge that this is the story of Ai within this grand narrative, I begin to understand my work more clearly and I can reduce the portions that do not belong. No wonder it is an emotional work for me, because in part it is my own story. My own coming to terms with adulthood and the world that I live within. 

The first mission, running errands with his father, require some patience, but also some very specific physics challenges. So by fine-tuning the physics system, I can achieve the runaway cart effect.