**Monday February 7th 2022 @ 12:29pm PST @ Blueberry Acres**
I've thought lots about Ancient Future, and came up with a really interesting design, where the word Ancient starts with a big ol' A that looks like a pyramid, and the word is written with the letters from top-to-bottom through the center of the pyramid. The word Future can be written across the bottom, thus forming the complete pyramid shape. I also saw the potiential for the pyramid to turn back on itself and become a rhombus. The storyline itself as a videogame showed itself a little more clearly, in an interesting fashion. I saw that my character would be a youth in Cataract, going forth and collecting electronics, as before, but that there would also be a special emphasis on collecting data nuggets of interest, such as songs, videos, and the like, so that the game can also be a kind of time capsule to our era, which would be interesting. The underlying catastrophy of the Data Crash can be the removal completely of the internet, which something like 99% of people would be wholly unable to contend with, and thus the world would be brought to its knees by its sheer dependency upon the internet and the tools to connect to it which none truly understand. I'm sure that there could be something set up at certain major data servers, but that could take a very long time to get up and running in the aftermath of the internet's removal. I was trying to think about what that event could be triggered by, how the internet could be brought down as a whole. It could be an atomic catastrophy, where a missile is sent to every major data center on Earth and brings down the whole of the internet with it, for example, though that would likely also melt the entire Earth along with it, which could be pretty interesting as well for the tale, to show a brand new world for humans to enter into. I saw also the possibility of keeping robotic assistants, which can be programmed at the appropriate time. I saw that this era could be a transition point where technology is just being rediscovered for the first time. The vault system could be a way to preserve human life, and spill them out unto the Earth in such a way that they retain some memory of the world before. But I don't really like that idea, I'd rather play with the ill-conceived notions of what the past really was, presented by some sort of tribal hegemony, which will break way with the revealing of information collected from the sands and wastes where in are left the remnants of humanity's personal data. Thus, each human who leaves something behind on flash memory for example could give the future back a piece of their heritage. I saw these things in my thoughts yesterday. 