I'm creating the catacombs behind Ai's home of Last Cataract, where his junker uncle sends youth down into the undercaves to find old buried houses and cellars full of valuable goods. I'm going to highlight in the first few missions the size and strength of his father, but his father's lack of speed. That will be contrasted with Ai's weakness at the very  beginning of the game. The player can improve Ai's strength through physical activity, very similar to how it was done in GTA San Andreas. His skills will improve over time with use. But looking at the screen too long will cause his muscles to degrade. I'm forming a sort of game design philosophy that is based on the ideal of Truth and realism, where we mimic our primary gameplay systems on the very basic tasks of human life, such as walking, pulling a cart, digging through a bag, those sorts of things. With those very basic tasks raised into the simulacra, there will be a stronger basis for belief and engagement in the simulated world (or so my hypothesis goes). I will have the chance to explore this idea through my inventory system, communication system, climbing, physical improvement, and much more. I'm also going to give Ai a hoverboard within one of these awesome tombs. I think I will say that these people once lived on the surface, but something pulled their houses underground and buried them in the sand. I'm not sure what that could be just yet, but it might make for some compelling gameplay. I still don't have a specific nature of the apocalypse that happened, but it could be a combination of errors. One of them was an idea that, in the future, a utility company could create a very specific lock-and-key encryption method which unlocks the utility at the point of entry, or the plant even. And the plants themselves are rendered wholly inactive if the connection to the utility hub is compromised. The electrical and water lines themselves can have checkpoints along the way, connecting them back to the utility hub, and if that connection is broken, the utility could no longer work. The nature of the work that I'm doing really is showing people the dangers of relying on large entities for all things and how that power can be misused and what would happen if the keys were lost or compromised by a malicious entity. It is the danger of Big Utility Providers. Thus, the player will be setting up small generators, water pumps, and the like, primarily for the people in the other Cataracts; they are in the most poor quadrant of the entire game, Ai and his family, but the next quadrant over has more valuable resources, a rich history, and plenty of problems for Ai to solve. The types of problems I want the player to be faced with are the kinds of problems I foresee humanity to be faced with, if we do not gain control of our own technology, and our own responsibility that has been wrested from us and given to overseeing bureaus and private companies. This power should instead exist in the hands and minds of the people, which it does today somewhat, but most importantly, it needs to be in the heart of the people that we share these utilities and support one another in human life. Those are the virtues which I hope to instill through my game into the player. In addition to the virtues, they will be given real practical applications and real-world electrical, plumbing, and resource problems to solve. With a little thinking, they will be able to see that there truly is enough resources to go around, but it was being limited and controlled by the Hegemony, to create a weaker state to control around the capitol. This effect has happened, I will say, multiple times in the game world, and the Echoes watch us and wait for the moment when this tendency would destroy us, when it is known that the strongest will be born and walk among the people, and those with strongest heart will unite all in virtuous rebuilding. Those people will be memorialized, and brought into contact with the Echoes, and given roam of the universe through the Avatar Network of human-controllable anthropomorphic robots, which will be the subject of a later game. 

**8:01pm**
I think communicating the parodies of the problems we are facing with modern technology will weave its way very chiefly to the work that I am doing in this story. I'm seeing right now that the Last Cataract is a more law-ish sort of place, right on the edge of the desert tribes that value technology greatly, and on the other side the region is attempting to be controlled by the Hegemony, who have their outpost there with a compund that strictly adheres to the codes of the capital, but otherwise a great deal of the city is involved in illegal trading of technology and devices. In fact, in the city, a great deal of blackmarket tech is created, not because there is some nefarious purpose to it all (your uncle is a white hat, not a black hat), but because the people need these devices to properly continue on and they cannot afford the prices that are set by the Scribes. So Ai is raised among the law and the lawless.

###The Law and the Lawless

His father and mother encourage him to be a straight-shooter, to go straight to the compound, pass their initial test that's posted on the outside of the compound wall, gain entry to their study program, and depart for the Academy that is located in the next town over. Leaving the Last Cataract requires express transportation out of town, through the depths of the cataract which are teeming with hungry creatures and bandits, on some sort of armored train car that still runs, maintained by the Hegemony but requiring a very hefty fee to ride (fee is waived for Academy students). The other ways through the canyons require Ai to become very physically fit, have enough supplies, and possibly a traveling party. His uncle has a ticket out of the city that he will offer to Ai, if Ai follows that questline. 

So the school offers one way out, and his uncle offers another. The school's way is first a series of tests that must be studied for, and next a series of repairs that the students must make to the people of the region. Each passed test requires they make a payment to the Adacemy, so the students are instructed to take a payment from the family that is requesting service. There will be times that the student must also purchase supplies, either from their own pocket or whatever they can charge to the client. Thus, the player will be often caught in some sort of a moral dilemma where they are a pawn of the Academy in extorting the people of the valley for their very hard-earned resources. That may drive the player towards the other questlines, which involve helping the people in unauthorized but potentially more morally-aligned ways. 

The culmination none the less is Ai's travel out and away from Last Cataract, and his first encounter with the wild world. I can see the opening up to a grand vista, wherein the spilling of the river's water still very lightly occurs. 