**Saturday January 29th 2022 @ 2:32pm PST @ North Bend Treehouse**
I saw a biodome forest in my imagination where Ai explores, which is found at the very end of a tunnel system found at the end of Cataract. I think I want to have actual water flowing through Cataract which disappears into the tunnels. Ai will have to crack the code of multiple door systems in order to get through to the other side and follow the trail of the tunnel. Nobody had seen that door in hundreds of years, but it is still in good repair. Ai has to crack the code on the door lock, and he can learn how to do that by a few means: entering First Class at the Academy, which will teach him in a class about the basics of operating and debugging machinery, or from his uncle's old relics, which he covets, upon which is a small Raspberry Pi kind of microcomputer that's in horrible disrepair. His uncle can give him some of the basic information, but there's someone else in town with more knowledge than he, and Ai must gain the trust of this individual in order to learn the secrets of programming and machines. So Ai has always the academic trend which he can follow directly, which is educational but highly impractical, and he can also practice his craft out in the tunnels and at his uncle's workshop. His uncle pulls old machines apart and separates them into their components, which is normally a task that is wholly reserved for the Academy, as all technology must be turned over immediately to an Academy Scribe upon discovery, but he has a special under-the-table contract with the Academy to send younglings into the tunnels and sands of the desert, the dangerous places, in order to recover lost artifacts, and he is at liberty to dismantle these things when he discovers them and break them into their constituents to be delivered to the Academy, under the pretense that he will not perform sales, repairs, or trainings of his findings, which he does anyway and pays off the Scribe in charge of overseeing his operation. Cataract is a very backwater location and there is very little infrastructure which New Egypt can provide to them, so while they are technically performing illegal actions by handling anything related to infrastructure and computers themselves without the oversight of a Scribe, it is generally tolerated when the citizens of Cataract look after their own needs. It is, however, also generally understood that a Scribe may arrest any individual in possession of illegal technology, performing sales, repairs, or training in the computer sciences, and thus the citizens of Cataract are constantly under pressure because of the knowledge that many of their people are operating illegal operations and could be shut down at any minute. Very few of the citizens have made their way outside of Cataract, since their region is somewhat of a lockdown zone which requires explicit permissions to leave. Their region needs some sort of exports, which I'm not so sure of just yet, but it could be offloading some of the manufacturing of different products that are sent out from the region, I'm not quite sure of that one just yet. It needs to be an economy after all, and the economy must make sense. 

I'm developing this story and still weaving together sensical things into the tapestry of myth. No matter. It's probably a good thing for me to focus more clearly upon the work itself of Ai and his journey. To weave a compelling tale. Adding technology into the mix, meaning by adding a game engine to my development stack, may be the breaker of this project, to start that way. There is much more to outline and I am still unsure if this is going to be a savory game beyond an excellent story. So if I can produce a written story then I can produce a book, audiobook, illustrated works, and then use this tale in a number of different ways. But there is still so much that is undiscovered about it.

**11:44pm**

Abu said to the overseer "I am here to collect my weekly grains, no more."

Ai said to Abu, "but Abu, how do they know how much grain to give you?"

Abu smiled, and held his cartouche produly. "By this, my boy. This golden seal is the name of our house, and by it the overseers know how much grain we are owed." 

The overseer of the grain held out a golden tablet, and Abu touched the seal around his neck upon the closest edge. A long string of symbols flashed across the surface, the light dancing brightly on the overseer's eyes. The overseer, with an indifferent scowl at the end of his long crooked nose, turned and said loudly to the men at the grain pumps, "Three bushels of corn and seven bags of rice for this Horus family.." 

Abu bowed lightly, "Thank you, overseer," which the overseer didn't seem to notice, nor care to acknowledge. 

"This way, my boy." Abu led Ai toward the grain pumps, each of them pulling a handle of their empty cart ahead.

Abu hailed the men at the grain pumps. "Good day to good men, from better men! Aha!" One grinned, nine frowned, and all stood up a bit taller. Abu approached the nearest. "I wasn't able to bring my pots, you understand." He got closer to the man and lowered his voice, "you know, I didn't want to tortue the boy with that weight, you get it?" With a toothy grin, Abu nudged the man in his ribs, which caused him to let out an uncomfortable cough. "Ah, but that shouldn't be an issue, eh? On the house, I'm sure?"

The man responded. "Nai, sir, the grainhouse has been out of vessels for grain for many months now, you know that by now. Best I can do is line your cart with rags before I fill it up."

Abu scrunched his forehead. "Now now, my boy, that is what you tell the others, but for me? For me "