**Saturday March 12th 2022 @ 11:55pm PST @ Blueberry Castle**
I want to write stories but the written medium doesn't seem to be the actual way that I want to convey them. I see visions in my mind of what I want to portray but I'e never made the visual medium into a powerful method of communicating my ideas. It's a long learning curve to get there. Almost as long as it's taking to get a real software job, for fuck's sake. I've been horribly frustrated today. I'm reading the Google Chrome Comic about how the browser works: https://www.google.com/googlebooks/chrome/big_10.html . And every so often, there's a page that makes me go, "hmm. That feature makes a lot of sense, and they're really friendly about it. Almost, too friendly, really, because that feature would be insidious-as-fuck in the wrong hands." And that's the nature of the thing that made me want to write today. Insidious-as-fuck, in the wrong hands. Almost, too good, some software, in the wrong sort of way. 

The way it works, now, in our time, typically, a programmer will have the skills, and a business will hire them, to create software that supports their business. So many developers are bright-eyed kind-hearted computer scientists, building product to specification. And at many businesses, it's all just that, with an end result and intention to create an excellent product for people who care. 

However, there is a subset, a grouping, of organizations with incredible power in today's society, having such an immense control over swaths of some of the most important resource available to us in the modern time: information. The lifeblood of thought in the modern age. The internet lives upon endless servers, and the connections that run between them. The internet is remembered, maintained, sustained, upon servers that belong, mostly, at this time, to Google. The company which had the motto, "Don't be evil." I think that should be amended to, 

**"Don't be evil... we're already the best."**

And so, I think it is important in a narrative such as the one I am currently living through, the narrative that is coming forth from my mind and imagination, of the boy in the endlessly parched desert, who is learning of the times that came before, when the Earth was rich with rain and good land bearing food and the opportunities for natural life. Of the boy who is forced into life as a Scribe out of a sense of duty, and seeing no other way through the world which was barren of life. And, in learning through this time, *how* the world became so barren, *how* the people who inhabited the valley had come to be there, and just exactly who was responsible for breaking the world. 

And who really knows what occurred in the past? There is no record, therefore there is no knowledge. Data Crash. 

I signify the moral activity that warms humans together as the transcendent element of human life that will *actually* bring us farther into the future. The technological element is like a casing, where once nature had encased us, and as she still does, we have added so much to the natural processes and our thoughts are led so far away from nature, rather, the embrace of nature as a living thing, and as an extension of ourselves. There are many of the scientific spirit who live with this living conscious connection, and there are many humans in general who do not. I see it is the good nature which much carry our spirit forward. With a trust of the human soul, truth, and kindness, which must overcome these dark times. 

I must have hope. I must hold Faith.

I think in this direction, then, the sort of government in place among the people of Last Cataract will be holding them back from true progress. That human cruelty will tear the person down, preventing us from our highest expressions of love with the universe. Then the tale can tell a beautiful story, of a universe connected by our Echoes. And it is this planet which fell out of glory, which allowed greed to blind some, ignorance, apathy, and sloth to blind the others, and the world slipped wholly into disrepair. And somewhere in this story, will be a miracle maker, not because he is an excellent programmer, or a great runner, but because he makes decisions that help people, and give them hope in this world for a brighter world.

And this message will touch the hearts of many, and it will bring many, alas, to the grinding stone, who will want to be heroes for their families, for their communities, but chase the Echoes into shadows where the greedy wait for the brightness in their eyes. 

But that is not the intent of my tale. And I believe that many will find hope in my stories, and if I can also reconcile those attachments which cause these pains of soul so wretched as to cause us to want to leave this world before our due time, then I will have achieved a great thing, and it will be an honor in my heart to know that this has come true through my work. Even if, during life, I do not see the fruits of such an elder tree.

Ai will come into constant contact with code that was written by people in a time long before. Thus the story is described through the terminal. It's a screen and computer that Ai brings along with him on their journeys, which can be replaced at any time with another such device. Ai can keep a complete copy of their operating system back at home, so that, if they lose the computer, break it, or get rid of it, then they can come back with another device and load their work back onto it. 

An easy way to make this game would be a smaller sort of handheld game vibe, like Gameboy Color. Simple sort of 8-bit graphics. Still with parkour, just a way simpler version of parkour. Puzzles are all around, and unlocking them gives Ai great favor with the community. And, it opens the way to the next location, the next quest.

I'm seeing Elder Scrolls Daggerfall vibes, in a way. But again, no interfaces, only animations on the screen. Zoom in on a hand, for example. 

Now, if I want to go *really* damn meta, I can start with retro 8bit sort of pixelated shaders for the whole world, mostly. And sometimes, I can reveal some *really* cool lookin' shit, like bright blue hex-spheres peeling apart from each other. I can start to give the player programmatic control over their environment, as well, so that a mystery starts to peel away the layers of the game and expose the fourth wall for what it is. That Ai, in the game, is in a world that he can affect. Can change. And that power is given over to the player. And, at a point when the player solves the riddles that hold them off from the main city, Ai steps forth and gains deeper knoweldge of the world within, and, when finally the mysteries of the innermost temple are solved, Ai gains the power to alter the world, itself. 

Thus the arc of the game begins in the sands, ends up in the city, and ends in outer space, among the Echoes. At that time, Ai (and the player) gains the power to literally reprogram the entire world. And then, he may set off into space. 

Which becomes the second game. The game in which I had placed Data Crash originally, on the world called Vista Prime, where RA begins to awaken to his true nature, as well. 