**Wednesday January 26th 2022 @ 3:53pm PST @ Seattle**
The machines tell us who we are. 

I had an idea for Ancient Future, that the main city is in a valley called Un Kani. it's a word play, which I think is kind of lame, but I'm going to play with it for a time. Unkani valley is the home to the highest elite of society, the Scribes, and within it lives the Temple as I've described before. A Scribe is initiated into the highest mysteries within this temple in order to be truly given the title. And the best of the Scribes are immortalized. They become Living Gods who never die, merged with chrome and steel. They become robots, themselves, and their consciousness is copied into the machine, to be forever reborn in whichever form they deem best. This honor is reserved only for those who come to completely embody the principles of Scribalship as seen by the New Egyptians. And I believe that the Echoes are a higher form of these creations which have spread themselves across the stars, able to transport their conscious minds across the cosmos. 

Thus I see a lot of possibilities emerge here, and many ways which it can go; it can be a cautionary tale, or a tale of dark control in the future, but I don't actually want it to become that. It can be a tale of wonder, of considering technology to be a savior to humanity, but hell, I don't want that either. Instead it is a tale of perspective, which shows us that each of these possibilities are true, but they are framed within a context of human life which lives and dies, and the pursuit of an endless life will lead someone to forget what it means to truly live alive as a living, breathing human being, and will inevitably cause them to give up this humanity. From this, I want the main character Ai to come into contact with others who share this belief. I think that the Echo will also have others who share this sentiment, that they will form a sort of golden nucleus, the Golden Honeybee symbol that I've seen and considered as an emblem of this house. Thus the Vista Prime stories from about five years ago with Ram as the main character, these can come into the weave next, being an extension of this very world and idea. Thus also it can be Ram that is being contacted by beings in this order and being trained and transformed to unlock the meaningless parody of life in order to reveal the golden key that already lives within each person. I think also then the Wasp can be considered a symbol of the opposition, the aggressive behavior of the controllers of New Egypt, of aggressions upon humanity and the true needs of the common person, and perhaps can represent the break from humanity's truth and the domination of a force which is out of our control upon us. Thus I think then that New Egypt is upon a planet wherein the Echoes have determined there is a disharmony, and they are constantly looking for those who choose a moral path instead of succumbing to the parody of life that is being propped up by the Controllers, the Hegemony, and those are the people who become risen up and brought into cosmic life, to aid and assist across the known cosmos where humanity has been spread but does not have proper direction, instead being told what to do by the Machines. 

Fucking epic.

There's still a disproportionate amount of unanswered questions here, of course. I'm seeing that humanity htinks it can answer all of its problems by engineering something. They even tried to answer the question of immortality. Everything was being transported into the Metaverse. All things were turned into machines. And eventually our lives were completely framed by the simulacra, and our human problems became machine problems. These are the aspects I hope to highlight in my tales. And a group of people, kind of a secret society of sorts, have devoted themselves to their moral development and use of technology only to work to dismantle and remove the problems caused by its rapid adoption en-masse across humanity. It's an ideology however, and I don't want this order to be put forth as a be-all end-all savior force in that universe, but rather I want the principles that they stand by to be found in both daily human life, and also within their order that part of life can be highlighted, which will live in a contrast with what is being toted en-masse to the populous from the Scribes and elite who dwell in Ünkàni. That's a part of the core theme, then: dignity, honor, kindness, respect, life and death, fear of death. The world will be filled with people that each have a story and a way of meeting the challenges of their lives, and Ai will have the opportunity to help them each step of the way. There will be financial struggles, relationship problems, and just hands-down frustrating technological problems that will leave Ai absolutely infurated, at times, I am sure. Ai will be, at a time, a glorified tech support provider, while dwelling at the Academy, sent across the continent to fix the troubles of humanity regarding computers, but he'll see that many of the problems we try to fix with computers are actually best met with a healthy heart of kindness, compassion, and patience. 

What sorts of quests am i proposing? Each one needs a story after all. Every story has to do with problems I myself have encountered in my work with technology, but most importantly in the fact that many people rely on technology in today's world and when it does not work their lives can be in actual mortal danger. 

Resource distribution is absolutely paramount to my story, since all resources are generated using machines (not traditional agricultural farming practices) and transported with assistance from machines. It will show what a society that is run by machines looks like and what the pitfalls of such an arrangement might be when framed upon the daily lives of humankind. A supply chain delivery system for example may go down and every minute without their supplies means a community is terribly affected and every minute somebody might die. Especially if the electrical grid is taken down, so help us. Food will perish, vending machines won't distribute, hospital units will not work, and since energy is being pumped to the entire nation exclusively from the Temple, this will put the whole of their society into dependence on the supply direct from that machine.

Thus it is a cautionary tale against global centralization of survival-dependent systems.

So then, I know that Ai will come into contact with computer knowledge from a young age, will have the opportunity to learn things about machines and computers outside of the typical learning paradigm offered by the Academy, will come into contact with true problems that face humanity regardless of the presence of technology but have now become centrally dependent on the use of computer technology. Then he will be able to leave Last Cataract and enter Academy life in the big city, and start to be instructed in mastering computers and repairing them to assist in daily human life, and will be sent as an errand boy across the nation to solve the troubles of the people using his knowledge, but he will become brutally aware of how little he is actually being prepared for the true needs of human life, that his education will only serve him in a very narrow band of activity that is not actually humane by nature, and that his true education will begin when he starts to open himself up to the true needs of the people he is being instructed to serve. By repairing machines, he will come into contact with humanity. And when he reaches the heights of his career as a Scribe, he will be given the option to become immortal, but lose his humanity. Thus I think this story would be an excellent videogame, because it will give the player alternate endings available to them, which will either open them up to the Way of the Honeybee, which inevitably will die in service of the hive, and thus he himself will inevitably die but for a deeper principle, or he will enter into the highest Scribal service available to him at the cost of his own humanity. That sounds like a damn good tale to me.